=== S01-001 | page 1 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
KEY INFORMATION MEMORANDUM
GROWW LARGE CAP FUND
(Large Cap Fund- An open ended equity scheme predominantly investing in large cap stocks)
This product is suitable for Scheme Riskometer Benchmark Riskometer
investors who are seeking*:
As per AMFI Tier I Benchmark -
• Capital appreciation over NIFTY 100 - TRI
long-term
• A portfolio that is invested
predominantly in equity and
equity-related securities of
blue-chip large-cap
companies.
Scheme Risk-o-meter is at Very High Benchmark Risk-o-meter is at Very High
Risk Risk
*Investors should consult their financial advisers if in doubt about whether the product is suitable for them.
Continuous offer for Units at NAV based prices
Name of Mutual Fund Groww Mutual Fund
Groww Asset Management Limited (CIN:
U65991KA2008PLC180894)
Registered Office: Vaishnavi Tech Park, South Tower, 3rd Floor,
Name of Asset Management Company
Survey No.16/1 and 17/2, Ambalipura Village, Varthur Hobli,
Bellandur, Bangalore South, Bangalore- 560103, Karnataka,
India
Groww Trustee Limited (CIN: U65991KA2008PLC183561)
Registered Office: Vaishnavi Tech Park, South Tower, 3rd Floor,
Name of Trustee Name of Trustee Company Survey No.16/1 and 17/2, Ambalipura Village, Varthur Hobli,
Bellandur, Bangalore South, Bangalore- 560103, Karnataka,
India.
505 – 5th Floor, Tower 2B, One World Centre, Near Prabhadevi
Corporate Office Railway Station, Lower Parel, Mumbai – 400013, Maharashtra,
Tele-+91 22 69744435
Website www.growwmf.in
This Key Information Memorandum (KIM) sets forth the information which a prospective investor ought to know before investing. For further details of the scheme/Mutual
Fund, due diligence certificate by the AMC, Key Personnel, investors’ rights & services, risk factors, penalties & pending litigations etc. investors should, before
investment, refer to the Scheme Information Document and Statement of Additional Information available free of cost at any of the Investor Service Centres or
distributors or from the website www.growwmf.in
The Scheme particulars have been prepared in accordance with Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual Funds) Regulations 1996, as amended till date, and
filed with Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). The units being offered for public subscription have not been approved or disapproved by SEBI, nor has
SEBI certified the accuracy or adequacy of this KIM. This Key Information Memorandum is dated November 27, 2025.

=== S01-002 | page 2 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Investment The primary investment objective of the Scheme is to seek to provide long-term capital appreciation from a portfolio that is invested predominantly in equity and
Objetive equity-related securities of blue-chip large-cap companies.
However, there can be no assurance that the investment objective of the scheme will be achieved.
Asset
Allocation
Indicative allocation
Pattern of the
(% of tNet Assets)
scheme
Instruments
Minimum
Maximum
Equity and equity related securities – 80%
100%
Large Cap Companies *
Equity and equity related securities – 0%
20%
Other Companies *
Debt & Money market 0%
20%
securities/instruments
*The Scheme may invest upto a maximum of 50% of its net assets in derivatives
For the purposes of this scheme Blue Chip Large Cap Company is the1st -100th company in terms of full market capitalizations in accordance with paragraph 2.7
of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024
The Scheme may use derivatives for such purposes as may be permitted by the Regulations, including for the purpose of hedging and portfolio balancing, based
on the opportunities available and subject to guidelines issued by SEBI from time to time. The Scheme may also use fixed income derivative instruments subject
to the guidelines as maybe issued by SEBI and RBI and for such purposes as maybe permitted from time to time. Investments in Derivatives shall strictly be in
compliance with paragraph 12.25 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated.
Total of investments in Equity, debt securities, money market instruments and gross notional exposure in derivatives shall not exceed 100% of the net assets of
the scheme.
The scheme shall not be investing in foreign equity and equity related securities.
The scheme shall not be investing in Securitized Debt Instruments.
If permitted by SEBI under Regulations/ guidelines, the Scheme may also engage in securities lending. The AMC shall comply with all reporting requirements
and the Trustee shall carry out periodic review as required by SEBI guidelines. Securities lending means the lending of stock to another person or entity for a fixed
period of time, at a negotiated compensation. The securities lent will be returned by the Borrower on expiry of the stipulated period.
The Investment Manager will apply the following limits, should it desire to engage in Securities lending:
Not more than 20% of the net assets of the Scheme can generally be deployed in securities lending; and
Not more than 5% of the net assets of the Scheme can generally be deployed in securities lending to any single counter party.
Indicative Table

=== S01-003 | page 3 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Sl. Type of • Percentage of Circular references*
no Instrument exposure
1. Securities Lending • Not more than 20% Paragraph 12.11 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024.
of the net assets of
the Scheme can
generally be
deployed in
securities lending;
and
• Not more than 5% of
the net assets of the
Scheme can
generally be
deployed in
securities lending to
any single counter
party.
2. Equity Derivatives 50% Paragraph 12.25 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024.
for nonhedging
purposes
3. Securitized Debt 0% Paragraph 12.15 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024
4. Overseas 0% Paragraph 12.19 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024.
Securities
5. ReITS and InVITS 0% Paragraph 12.21 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024.
6. AT1 and AT2 0% Paragraph 12.2 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024.
Bonds
7. Any other 0% -
instrument
Rebalancing due to passive breach
Further, as per para 2.9 of SEBI Master Circular dated June 27, 2024, as may be amended from time to time, in the event of deviation from mandated asset allocation
due to passive breaches (occurrence of instances not arising out of omission and commission of the AMC), the fund manager shall rebalance the portfolio of the
Scheme within 30 Business Days. In case the portfolio of the Scheme is not rebalanced within the period of 30 Business Days, justification in writing, including
details of efforts taken to rebalance the portfolio shall be placed before Investment Committee of the AMC. The Investment Committee, if it so desires, can extend
the timeline for rebalancing up to sixty (60) Business Days from the date of completion of mandated rebalancing period. Further, in case the portfolio is not
rebalanced within the aforementioned mandated plus extended timelines the AMC shall comply with the prescribed restrictions, the reporting and disclosure
requirements as specified in para 2.9. of SEBI Master Circular dated June 27, 2024.
Rebalancing of deviation due to short term defensive consideration
Any alteration in the investment pattern will be for a short term on defensive considerations as per SEBI
Rebalancing of deviation due to short term defensive consideration
Any alteration in the investment pattern will be for a short term on defensive considerations as per SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/IMD/DF2/CIR/P/2021/024 dated

=== S01-004 | page 3 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Any alteration in the investment pattern will be for a short term on defensive considerations as per SEBI
Rebalancing of deviation due to short term defensive consideration
Any alteration in the investment pattern will be for a short term on defensive considerations as per SEBI Circular no. SEBI/HO/IMD/DF2/CIR/P/2021/024 dated
March 04, 2021; the intention being at all times to protect the interests of the Unit Holders and the Scheme shall endeavor to rebalance the portfolio within 30

=== S01-005 | page 4 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
calender days. It may be noted that no prior intimation/indication will be given to investors when the composition/asset allocation pattern under the Scheme
undergoes changes within the permitted band as indicated above.
Investment Under normal market conditions, the Scheme would invest predominantly in a diversified portfolio constituting equity and equity related instruments of
Strategy companies that the Fund Manager believes have sustainable business models, and potential for capital appreciation.
The corpus of the Scheme will be invested predominantly in blue chip – large cap stocks and/ or in exchange traded derivatives on the S&P CNX Nifty Index
or such blue chip stocks. 0-20% of the net assets will be invested in securities other than blue chip large caps. A very small portion of the fund will be kept
liquid. The Scheme may also use various derivatives and hedging products from time to time, as would be available and permitted by SEBI, in an attempt to
protect the value of the portfolio and enhance Unitholders’ interest. Large Cap companies shall consist of investment universe which are within 1st-100th
company in terms of full market capitalization. The fund shall adopt the list of stocks prepared by AMFI based on SEBI defined parameters. AMFI is
mandated to update such list once in 6 months. The fund shall rebalance the portfolio (if required) in line with updated list, within a period of one month.
The investment environment, valuation parameters and other investment criteria will determine the allocation and the investment style. The Fund Manager
would follow a top down approach to shortlist stocks for portfolio construction. Under the top down process the Fund Manager would look at the global and
Indian economy and the domestic policy environment and stock valuations. This would result in identification of themes which have a potential to outperform.
The final stock selection process would be a bottoms-up process wherein stocks from the short listed themes would be picked up based on valuations.
Under normal market conditions and depending on the Fund Manager’s views, the assets of the Scheme would be invested across stocks that represent a
broad range of sectors of the economy in order to ensure adequate portfolio diversification.
Corporate Action / Event Driven Strategies
a. IDCW Arbitrage
At the time of declaration of IDCW, the stock futures / options market can provide a profitable opportunity. Generally, the stock prices decline by the IDCW
amount when the stock becomes ex-IDCW.
b. Buy-Back / Open Offer Arbitrage

=== S01-006 | page 4 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Corporate Action / Event Driven Strategies
a. IDCW Arbitrage
At the time of declaration of IDCW, the stock futures / options market can provide a profitable opportunity. Generally, the stock prices decline by the IDCW
amount when the stock becomes ex-IDCW.
b. Buy-Back / Open Offer Arbitrage
When the Company announces the buy-back or open offer of its own shares, there could be opportunities due to price differential in buyback price and traded price.
c. Merger
When the Company announces any merger, amalgamation, hive off, de-merger, etc, there could be opportunities due to price differential in the cash and the
derivative market.
Derivative Strategies
A derivative is a financial instrument whose value depends on other, more basic, underlying variables likes stock or commodity, any kind of economical index. A
derivative is essentially a contract whose payoff depends on the behavior of some benchmark. The derivatives shall be marked-to-market by the Investment
Manager at all times. Transactions in derivatives include a wide range of instruments, including, but not limited to futures, options, swaps, and interest rate swaps,
forward rate agreements and any other instrument as may be permitted by SEBI/RBI from time to time.
Derivatives may be used for hedging and portfolio balancing purposes or such other purpose as may be permitted by SEBI/RBI from time to time, to seek to
optimise performance in the Scheme and will be subject to applicable Regulations of SEBI/RBI from time to time. Trading is permitted only in exchange-traded
derivatives. Derivative markets in India are now fairly liquid with daily average volumes to the tune of Rs. 90000 – 100000 crore as compared to cash market
volumes of Rs. 10000- 15000 crore
Futures
Futures are contracts to buy or sell an asset on or before a future date at a price specified today. Futures can be cash settled or delivery settled. Currently, the
transaction is netted at the end of the contract and the difference settled between the investor & the clearing house. Payoffs in futures are linear with reference to
the underlying and the risk is basically directional. Buyers and sellers of futures carry equal risk.

=== S01-007 | page 5 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
In India, three futures of 1 month, 2 months, and 3 months are presently traded on BSE & NSE. These futures expire on the last working Thursday of the respective
months. The futures are cash settled and there is no delivery of the underlying stock. The Profitability of the Index / Stock Future as compared to underlying
individual securities / security will inter-alia depend on
 Carrying Cost
 Interest accrued on surplus funds
 Transaction Costs
 Cost associated with rolling over of the futures trade, if applicable
 Liquidity in the markets etc
Index Futures
Stock index futures are instruments designed to give exposure to the equity markets indices. The Stock Exchange, Mumbai (BSE) and The National Stock Exchange
(NSE) have trading in index futures of 1, 2 and 3 month maturities. The pricing of an index future is the function of the underlying index, short term interest rates
and market expectations. Index futures are cash settled, there is no delivery of the underlying stocks.
If a Scheme buys 100 futures contracts, each contract value is 50 times the futures index price. On purchase date, Spot index: 5400, Future price: 5425. If the
exchange imposes a margin of 10%, the Investment Manager will be required to provide Rs.2,712,500 (i.e. 10% * 5425* 100 * 50) by way of eligible securities
and/or and cash. The balance 90% can be parked in cash equivalents. If on the date of expiry - the S&P CNX Nifty Index closes at 5525, the net impact will be a
profit of Rs. 500,000 for the Scheme ((5525–5425) * 100 * 50) plus the interest earned on the 90%deployed in cash equivalents. The profit or loss for the Scheme
will be the difference between the closing price (which can be higher or lower than the purchase price) and the purchase price.
Strategies that employ index futures and their objectives:
(a) The fund has an existing equity portion invested in a basket of stocks. In case the fund manager has a view that the equity markets are headed downwards, the
fund can then hedge the exposure to equity either fully or partially by initiating short positions in the Index futures.
(b) A similar position in the long direction can also be initiated by the fund to hedge its position of cash and permissible equivalents. Considering that Derivative
market is more liquid than Cash market, fund manager can also use it to take exposure to equities and then build the cash market positions over time.

=== S01-008 | page 5 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
(b) A similar position in the long direction can also be initiated by the fund to hedge its position of cash and permissible equivalents. Considering that Derivative
market is more liquid than Cash market, fund manager can also use it to take exposure to equities and then build the cash market positions over time.
The extent to which this can be done is determined by guidelines issued by SEBI from time to time.
Risk associated with this strategy:
1. Lack of opportunities available in the market
2. Inability of the derivatives to correlate perfectly with underlying indices
3. Execution risk, whereby the rates seen on the screen may not be the rates at which the ultimate execution takes place.
Stock Futures
A futures contract on a stock gives its owner the right and obligation to buy or sell stocks. Single stock futures traded on the BSE & NSE are cash settled, there is
no delivery of the underlying stocks on the expiration date. A purchase or sale of futures on a security gives the trader essentially the same price exposure as a
purchase or sale of the security itself.
The Scheme buys shares of XYZ Ltd. Its current price is Rs. 1000. The Scheme sells one month futures on the shares of XYZ Ltd at Rs 1050. If the price of the
stock declines, the Mutual Fund will suffer losses on the stock position held and profit on futures position. The price of stock on the expiry date is Rs 950. The
price of the futures on the stock declines to Rs 950. There is a loss of Rs. 50 per share on the on the holding of the stock. This is offset by profit of Rs 100 on the
short position in stock futures. Basically, Fund locks in a profit of Rs. 50, if both the positions are held till expiry.
Strategies that employ Stock specific futures and their objectives:
Individual stock futures are also available in the Indian Equity Markets. Stock futures trade either at a premium or at discount to the spot prices; the level of
premium generally reflects the cost of carry. Stock specific issues may have a bearing on futures as speculators may find futures as a cost-effective way of executing
their view on the stock. However such executions usually increase the premium/discount to the spot significantly, thereby giving rise to arbitrage opportunities for
a fund.
(a) Selling spot and buying future :

=== S01-009 | page 6 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
In case the fund holds the stock of a company at say Rs. 500 while in the futures market it trades at a discount to the spot price say at Rs. 480 then the fund may
sell the stock and buy the futures. On the date of expiry of the stock future, the fund may reverse the transactions (i.e. Buying at Spot & Selling futures) and earn
a risk-free Rs.20/- (4% absolute) on its holdings. As this can be without any dilution of the view of the fund on the underlying stock the fund can still benefit from
any movement of the price in the northward direction, i.e. if on the date of expiry of the futures, if the stock trades at Rs. 530 which would be the price of the
futures too, the fund will have a benefit of Rs. 30 /- whereby the fund gets the 6% upside movement together with the 4% benefit on the arbitrage, and thus getting
a total return of 10%
Risk associated with this strategy:
• Lack of opportunities available in the market
• Risk of mispricing or improper valuation
• Inability of the derivatives to correlate perfectly with underlying security
• Execution risk, whereby the rates seen on the screen may not be the rates at which the ultimate execution takes place.
(b)Buying spot and selling future:
Where the stock of a company is trading in the spot market at Rs 1000 while the futures trades at Rs. 1020/- in the futures market then fund may buy the stock at
spot and sell in the futures market thereby earning Rs. 20. In case of adequacy of cash with the fund, this strategy may be used to enhance returns of the Scheme
which was otherwise sitting on cash.
Risk associated with this strategy:
• Lack of opportunities available in the market
• Risk of mispricing or improper valuation
Inability of the derivatives to correlate perfectly with underlying security
• Execution risk, whereby the rates seen on the screen may not be the rates at which the ultimate execution takes place.
(c)Buying stock future:
Where the scheme wants to initiate a long positon in a stock whose spot price is at say, Rs.1000 and futures is at
Rs. 980, then the fund may just buy the futures contract instead of the spot thereby benefiting from a lower cost.
Risk associated with this strategy:
• Lack of opportunities available in the market
• Risk of mispricing or improper valuation

=== S01-010 | page 6 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Rs. 980, then the fund may just buy the futures contract instead of the spot thereby benefiting from a lower cost.
Risk associated with this strategy:
• Lack of opportunities available in the market
• Risk of mispricing or improper valuation
• Inability of the derivatives to correlate perfectly with underlying security
• Execution risk, whereby the rates seen on the screen may not be the rates at which the ultimate execution takes place.
Options:
An option gives the owner the right but not the obligation to buy or sell the underlying asset at particular price and for a specified period of time. The option will
be exercised if the outcome is favourable to the owner. A call option gives the owner a right but not the obligation to buy the underlying asset at a predetermined
price on a pre-specified date. A put option gives the owner the right but the not the obligation to sell a security at a predetermined price on a pre-specified date.
For an option buyer, Risk is limited (or known) to premium paid on call or put options. . If options are sold, the risk is unlimited (or unknown). The risk of the
unknown can be mitigated by staying covered, using covered calls or bull/bear spread, to name a few strategies.
Mainly there are two type of options; American and European. Options that can be exercised on or before the expiration date are called American Options, while
those that can be exercised only on the expiration date are called European Options. In India, till recently, Index options were European and Stock options were
American. However off-late, Exchanges have shifted options on individual stocks from American to European. Option contracts are designated by the type of
option, name of the underlying, expiry month and the strike price. Thus options can be used to earn less volatile returns, earn the premium or use for hedging
purposes etc.
Strategies that use Options and the objectives of such strategies:
Illustrations of strategies using Options
a) Call Option (Buy): The fund buys a call option at the strike price of say Rs.1000 and pays a premium of say
Rs. 50, the fund would earn profits if the market price of the stock at the time of expiry of the option is more than Rs. 1050 being the total of the strike price

=== S01-011 | page 6 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Rs. 50, the fund would earn profits if the market price of the stock at the time of expiry of the option is more than Rs. 1050 being the total of the strike price
and the premium thereon. If on the date of expiry of the option the stock price is below Rs 1000, the fund will not exercise the option and it loses the premium
of Rs 50. The maximum loss in such a strategy is limited to the option premium, while upside potential is theoretically unlimited

=== S01-012 | page 7 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Risk associated with this strategy:
• Lack of opportunities available in the market
• Inability of the derivatives to correlate perfectly with underlying security
• Execution risk, whereby the rates seen on the screen may not be the rates at which the ultimate execution takes place.
b) Put Option (Buy): The fund buys a Put Option at Rs 1000 with the underlying security trading at Rs. 1000 by paying a premium of say Rs. 50. If the stock
price goes down to Rs. 900, the fund would protect its downside and would only have to bear the premium of Rs 50 instead of a loss of Rs 100 whereas if the
stock price moves up to say Rs.1100 the fund may let the Option expire and forego the premium thereby capturing Rs. 100 upside in the underlying security
held by the Fund.
Risk associated with this strategy:
• Lack of opportunities available in the market
• Inability of the derivatives to correlate perfectly with underlying security
• Execution risk, whereby the rates seen on the screen may not be the rates at which the ultimate execution takes place.
The above option positions can be initiated in both index based options as well as stock specific options.
Risk associated with this strategy:
• Lack of opportunities available in the market
• Inability of the derivatives to correlate perfectly with underlying security
• Execution risk, whereby the rates seen on the screen may not be the rates at which the ultimate execution takes place.
Any Notifications, Guidelines and circulars introduced by SEBI on derivatives from time to time shall automatically apply and forms part of the Scheme
Information Documents
Portfolio Turnover
Portfolio turnover is the aggregate volume of purchases and sales as a percentage of the corpus of the Scheme during a specified period of time. The portfolio
turnover in the Scheme will be a function of inflows, outflows as well as market opportunities available to the Fund Manager. Consequently, it is difficult to
estimate with any reasonable measure of accuracy, the likely turnover in the portfolios. It will be the endeavor of the Fund Manager to keep the portfolio turnover
rates as low as possible. Active asset allocation would impact portfolio turnover. There may be trading opportunities that present themselves from time to time,
where in the opinion of the fund manager, there is an opportunity to enhance the total returns of the portfolio. The fund manager will endeavor to balance the

=== S01-013 | page 7 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
rates as low as possible. Active asset allocation would impact portfolio turnover. There may be trading opportunities that present themselves from time to time,
where in the opinion of the fund manager, there is an opportunity to enhance the total returns of the portfolio. The fund manager will endeavor to balance the
increased cost on account of higher portfolio turnover, if any, with benefits likely to be derived from such an approach.
Borrowing & Lending by the Fund
The Scheme may borrow monies to meet temporary liquidity requirements for the purpose of repurchase or redemption of Units or the payment of interest or
IDCW to the Unit holders. However, such borrowing shall be restricted to 20% of the net assets of the Scheme and for a maximum period of six months. The limit
of 20% may be revised by the Fund and to the extent the Regulations may permit.
The Fund may raise such borrowings, secured or unsecured, from any person or entity as it may deem fit, including Sponsor or Shareholders of any of their associate
/ group / affiliate entities or banks, after approval by the Trustee, at market related rates.
Stock Lending by the Fund
Stock Lending involves lending of securities to another person or entity for a fixed period of time, at a negotiated compensation in order to enhance returns of the
portfolio. The Trustee may permit the Fund to engage in Stock Lending only if permitted under and in line with the prevailing securities lending Regulations. The
Fund can temporarily lend, through an approved intermediary, securities held by the Scheme to reputed counterparties, for a fee, subject to internal norms, if any.
This would enable generating better returns on those securities, which are otherwise bought with the intention of holding the same for a longer period of time. The
securities lent will be returned by the borrower on the expiry of the stipulated period or the lender can call the same back before its expiry.

=== S01-014 | page 8 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
The AMC will follow regulatory restrictions as may be prescribed in carrying on the activities of Stock lending. Such lent stock, while they are on-lending, will
not be available for sale, and this can result in temporary illiquidity.
The Fund Manager may engage in Stock Lending as per following limits:
• Not more than 20% of the net assets of the Scheme can generally be deployed in Stock Lending.
• Not more than 5% of the net assets of the Scheme can generally be deployed in Stock Lending to any single counter party.
Risk Profile of Mutual Fund Units involve investment risks including the possible loss of principal. Please read the SID carefully for details on risk factors before investment.
the Scheme Scheme specific Risk Factors are summarized below:
1. Risk associated with investing in Equity and Equity related instruments
2. Risk associated with investments in Debt Instruments
3. Risks associated with investments in derivatives
4. Risks associated with Securitized Debt
5. Risk associated with Securities Lending
For details on risk factors and risk mitigation measures, please refer SID.
Plans/Options Plans: The Scheme offers following two plans for investment into the Scheme:
A. Direct Plan: This Plan is suitable for investors who wish to invest directly in the scheme without routing their investment through any distributor.The Direct
Plan shall have lower expense ratio compared to the Regular Plan and no commission shall be paid out of the Direct Plan.
B. Regular Plan: This Plan is suitable for investors who wish to invest in the Scheme through any distributor. This Plan shall have higher expense ratio compared
to the Direct Plan and distributor commission may be paid out of this Plan.
The Direct Plan and Regular Plan shall have separate NAVs. However, there will be a common portfolio for both plans. The various options available under the
Direct Plan and Regular Plan and the salient features common to both plans are given below:
Uniform disclosure on treatment of applications under "Direct"/ "Regular" Plans:
Scenari Broker Code Plan mentioned Default Plan
o mentioned by the by the investor to be
investor captured
1 Not mentioned Not mentioned Direct Plan
2 Not mentioned Direct Direct Plan
3 Not mentioned Regular Direct Plan
4 Mentioned Direct Direct Plan
5 Direct Not Mentioned Direct Plan
6 Direct Regular Direct Plan
7 Mentioned Regular Regular Plan
8 Mentioned Not Mentioned Regular Plan
For detailed disclosure on default plans and options, kindly refer SAI.
Applicable For Purchase (including switch-in) of any amount:
NAV (after the

=== S01-015 | page 8 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
3 Not mentioned Regular Direct Plan
4 Mentioned Direct Direct Plan
5 Direct Not Mentioned Direct Plan
6 Direct Regular Direct Plan
7 Mentioned Regular Regular Plan
8 Mentioned Not Mentioned Regular Plan
For detailed disclosure on default plans and options, kindly refer SAI.
Applicable For Purchase (including switch-in) of any amount:
NAV (after the
scheme opens ● In respect of valid applications received upto 3.00 p.m. and where the funds for the entire amount are available for utilization before the cut-off time i.e. credited
for to the bank account of the Scheme before the cut-off time - the closing NAV of the day shall be applicable.
subscriptions
and ● In respect of valid applications received after 3.00 p.m. and where the funds for the entire amount are credited to the bank account of the Scheme either on the
redemptions ) same day or before the cut-off time of the next Business Day i.e. available for utilization before the cut-off time of the next Business Day - the closing NAV of the
next Business Day shall be applicable.

=== S01-016 | page 9 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
● Irrespective of the time of receipt of application, where the funds for the entire amount are credited to the bank account of the Scheme before the cut-off time on
any subsequent Business Day i.e. available for utilization before the cut-off time on any subsequent Business Day - the closing NAV of such subsequent Business
Day shall be applicable.
For Switch-ins of any amount:
For determining the applicable NAV, the following shall be ensured:
● Application for switch-in is received before the applicable cut-off time.
● Funds for the entire amount of subscription / purchase as per the switch-in request are credited to the bank account of the Scheme before the cut-off time.
● The funds are available for utilization before the cut-off time.
● In case of switch transactions from one scheme to another, the allocation shall be in line with redemption payouts.
For investments through systematic investment routes such as Systematic Investment Plans (SIP), Systematic Transfer Plans (STP), etc. the units will be allotted
as per the closing NAV of the day on which the funds are available for utilization by the Target Scheme irrespective of the instalment date of the SIP, STP or record
date of IDCW etc.”
The Trustee reserves the right to change / modify the aforesaid requirements at a later date in line with SEBI directives from time to time.
For allotment of units, it shall be ensured that:
i. the application is received before the applicable cut-off time,
ii. Funds for the entire amount of subscription / purchase as per the application / switch-in request are credited to the bank account of the Scheme before the cut-
off time,
iii. The funds are available for utilisation before the cut-off time without availing any credit facility whether intra-day or otherwise, by the Scheme.
Redemptions including Switch - outs:
The following cut-off timings shall be observed by the Mutual Fund in respect of Repurchase of Units:
1. Where the application received upto 3.00 pm – closing NAV of the day of receipt of application; and
2. An application received after 3.00 pm – closing NAV of the next Business Day.
Further, where the AMC or the Registrar has provided a facility to
the investors to redeem /switch-out of the Scheme through the
medium of Internet by logging onto specific web-sites or any other
facilities offered by the AMC and where investors have signed up
for using these facilities, the Applicable NAVs will be as provided
above.

=== S01-017 | page 9 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
the investors to redeem /switch-out of the Scheme through the
medium of Internet by logging onto specific web-sites or any other
facilities offered by the AMC and where investors have signed up
for using these facilities, the Applicable NAVs will be as provided
above.
Technical issues when transactions are processed through online facilities/ electronic modes:
The time of transaction done through various online facilities /
electronic modes offered by the AMC, for the purpose of determining the applicability of NAV, would be the time when the request for purchase / SIP/ sale / switch
of units is received in the servers of AMC/RTA. In case of transactions through online facilities / electronic modes, there may be a time lag of few seconds or up
to 1-7 banking days between the amount of subscription being debited to investor's bank account and the subsequent credit into the respective Scheme's bank
account. This lag may impact the applicability of NAV for transactions where NAV is to be applied, based on actual realization of funds by the Scheme. Under no
circumstances will Groww Asset Management Limited or its bankers or its service providers be liable for any lag / delay in realization of funds and consequent
pricing of units. The AMC has the right to amend cut off timings subject to SEBI (MF) Regulations for the smooth and efficient functioning of the Scheme.
Representation of SIP transaction which have failed due to technical reasons will also follow same rule.
Minimum Purchase Additional Redemption
Application Purchase

=== S01-018 | page 10 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Amount/ Rs. 500 and in multiples of Re. 1/- thereafter Rs. 500 and in The minimum redemption amount for all plans will be Rs.500/- and in multiples of Re.1/-
Number of multiples of Re.
Units 1/- thereafter.
Despatch of Redemption: Within 03 working days of the receipt of the redemption request
Redemption
Request
Benchmark NIFTY100 – TRI
Index
Dividend The Trustee will endeavor to declare IDCW under the IDCW Option, subject to availability of distributable surplus calculated in accordance with the Regulations.
Policy (IDCW)
IDCW distribution procedure:
In accordance with Chapter 11 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, the procedure for IDCW distribution will be as follows:
1. Quantum of IDCW and record date shall be fixed by the Board of Trustees. IDCW so decided shall be paid, subject to availability of distributable surplus
as on the date of declaration of IDCW.
2. Within 1 calendar day of the decision by the Board of Trustees, the AMC shall issue notice to the public communicating the decision about the IDCW
including the record date, in one English daily newspaper having nationwide circulation as well as in a newspaper published in the language of the region where
Head Office of the Mutual Fund is situated.
3. Record date shall be the date, which will be considered for the purpose of determining the eligibility of investors whose name appear on the register of
unit holders for receiving IDCWs. The Record Date will be two working days from the date of issue of notice.
4. The NAV will be adjusted to the extent of IDCW distribution and statutory levy, if any at the close of business hours on record date.
5. Before the issue of such notice, no communication indicating the probable date of IDCW declaration in any manner whatsoever will be issued by the
Mutual Fund.
6. The payment of dividend to the unitholders shall be made within seven working days from the record date.
Even though the asset portfolio will be common, the NAVs of the growth option and IDCW option in the Scheme will be distinctly different after declaration of
the first IDCW to the extent of distributed income, applicable tax and statutory levy, if any, and expenses relating to the distribution of the IDCWs.
Name of the Mr. Anupam Tiwari Managing Fund since May 11, 2023
Fund Manager Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee Managing Fund since September 24, 2025
Name of the Groww Trustee Limited
Trustee
Company
Performance of
the scheme: Compounded Scheme Returns Scheme Returns Benchmark

=== S01-019 | page 10 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Name of the Mr. Anupam Tiwari Managing Fund since May 11, 2023
Fund Manager Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee Managing Fund since September 24, 2025
Name of the Groww Trustee Limited
Trustee
Company
Performance of
the scheme: Compounded Scheme Returns Scheme Returns Benchmark
Annualised Returns % (Regular % (Direct Plan) Returns %
Plan)
Returns for last 1
year -4.77 -3.48 -4.81
Returns for last 3
year 14.63 16.16 14.40
Returns for last 5
year 16.36 17.95 18.64
Returns since
inception 11.22 13.08 13.60

=== S01-020 | page 11 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Groww Large Cap Fund
80.00
60.00
40.00
20.00
0.00
FY 20-21 FY 21-22 FY 22-23 FY 23-24 FY 24-25 Apr25-Sep25
-20.00
Regular Plan Direct Plan NIFTY100 - TRI
Absolute Returns for each Financial year for the last 5 years
ADDITIONAi.L i. Scheme’s portfolio holdings (top 10 holdings by issuer and fund allocation towards various sectors- https://www.growwmf.in/downloads/fact-sheet
SCHEME ii. Disclosure of name and exposure to Top 7 issuers, stocks, groups and sectors as a percentage of NAV of the scheme in case of debt and equity ETFs/index funds
RELATED through a functional website link that contains detailed description - NA
DISCLOSURiiEi. Functional website link for Portfolio Disclosure - https://growwmf.in/statutory-disclosure/portfolio and https://growwmf.in/financials/half-yearly-unaudited-
S financials-&-portfolio
iv. Portfolio Turnover : 1.92
v. Aggregate investment in the Scheme by:
Sr. No. Category of Persons Net Value Market Value (in
Rs.)
1. Concerned scheme’s Fund Manager(s) Units NAV per unit 29,64,326.61
57,705.40 51.37
For any other disclosure w.r.t investments by key personnel and AMC directors including regulatory provisions in this regard kindly refer SAI.
Expenses of the New Fund Offer Period: The Scheme has already been launched. The date of inception is Feb 10, 2012
Scheme
Load Structure Exit: 1% if redeemed/switched out within 7 Days from the date of allotment.
Nil - if redeemed/switched out after 7 Days from the date of allotment.
As per SEBI (MF) Regulations, 1996, recurring expenses will not exceed 2.25% of the Scheme’s daily net assets:
Recurring
expenses The total fees and expenses for operating the scheme as listed hereunder would be 2.25% of the daily net assets which includes expenses towards management
fees, commission, marketing expense and other expense relating to operating the scheme.
Estimated Recurring Expenses:
Expense Head % of daily Net
Assets
Investment Management and Advisory Fees
Trustee fee
Audit fees
Custodian fees
RTA Fees
Marketing & Selling expense incl. agent commission
Cost related to investor communications
Upto 2.25%
Cost of fund transfer from location to location

=== S01-021 | page 12 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Cost of providing account statements and Income Distribution cum
Capital Withdrawal redemption cheques and warrants
Costs of statutory Advertisements
Cost towards investor education & awareness (as per paragraph
10.1.16 of SEBI Master circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27,
2024) ^
Brokerage & transaction cost over and above 12 bps and 5 bps for
cash and derivative market trades resp. @
Goods & Services Tax/ goods and services tax on expenses other
than investment and advisory fees
Goods & Services Tax/ goods and services tax on brokerage and
transaction cost
Other Expenses
Maximum total expense ratio (TER) permissible under Upto 2.25%
Regulation 52 (6) (c)
Additional expenses under regulation 52 (6A) (c) ** 0.05%
Additional expenses for gross new inflows from specified cities* Upto 0.30%
*SEBI vide its letter no. SEBI/HO/IMD-SEC-3/P/OW/2023/5823/1 dated February 24, 2023, and AMFI letter dated No. 35P/ MEM-COR/ 85-a/ 2022-23 dated
March 02, 2023 has directed AMCs to keep B-30 incentive structure in abeyance till further notice.
^ In terms of paragraph 10.1.16 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, the AMC / Mutual Fund shall annually set apart at least 2 basis
points (i.e., 0.02%) on daily net assets of the scheme within the maximum limit of Total Expense Ratio as per Regulation 52 of the SEBI (MF) Regulations for
investor education and awareness initiatives.
**Additional Expenses upto 0.05% of daily net assets as permissible under Regulation 52 (6A) (c) may be charged by AMC under different heads of expenses
mentioned under Regulation 52 (2) and (4) and more specifically stated in table above.
@ Brokerage and transaction costs incurred for the execution of trades and included in the cost of investment, not exceeding 0.12 per cent of the value of trades of
cash market transactions and 0.05 per cent of the value of trades of derivative market transactions. Thus, in terms of paragraph 10.1.14 of SEBI Master Circular
for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, it is hereby clarified that the brokerage and transaction costs incurred for the execution of trades may be capitalized to the
extent of 0.12 per cent of the value of trades of cash market transactions and 0.05 per cent of the value of trades of derivative market transactions. Any payment
towards brokerage and transaction costs (including Goods & Services Tax, if any) incurred for the execution of trades, over and above the said 0.12 per cent for

=== S01-022 | page 12 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
towards brokerage and transaction costs (including Goods & Services Tax, if any) incurred for the execution of trades, over and above the said 0.12 per cent for
cash market transactions and 0.05 per cent of the value of trades of derivative market transactions may be charged to the scheme within the maximum limit of Total
Expense Ratio (TER) as prescribed under Regulation 52 of the SEBI (MF) Regulations.
Direct Plan shall have a lower expense ratio excluding distribution expenses, commission, etc and no commission for distribution of Units will be paid / charged
under Direct Plan. All fees and expenses charged in a direct plan (in percentage terms) under various heads including the investment and advisory fee shall not
exceed the fees and expenses charged under such heads in a regular plan.
The purpose of the above table is to assist the investor in understanding various costs and expenses that an investor in the Scheme will bear directly or indirectly.
These estimates have been made in good faith as per the information available with AMC based on past experience and are subject to change inter-se.
The total recurring expenses that can be charged to the Scheme will be subject to limits prescribed from time to time under the SEBI (MF) Regulations.
Annual recurring expenses of the Scheme, (including the investment and advisory fees without any sub limit) as a % of daily net assets will be subject to following
limit:
The AMC shall adhere provisions of SEBI Circular dated October 22, 2018 and various guidelines specified by SEBI as amended from time to time, with reference
to charging of fees and expenses.
Annual recurring expenses of the Scheme, (including the investment and advisory fees without any sublimit) as a % of daily net assets will be subject to following
limit:

=== S01-023 | page 13 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
First Rs. Next Next Rs. Next Rs. Next Rs. Next Rs. Balance
500 Rs. 1,250 3,000 5,000 40,000
Crores 250 Crores Crores Crores Crores
Crores
2.25% 2.00% 1.75% 1.60% 1.50% TER 1.05%
reduction of
0.05% for
every
increase of
Rs. 5,000
crores or
part thereof
In addition to TER within the limits specified under regulation 52 (6) of the Regulations, towards investment & advisory fees as specified under regulation 52(2)
of the Regulations and/or towards recurring expenses as specified under 52(4) of the Regulations. However, such additional expenses will not be charged if exit
load is not levied / not applicable to the Scheme.
Additional Distribution Expenses in case of new inflows from specified cities In addition to total expenses ratio (TER) as specified above, the AMC will charge
expenses not exceeding 0.30% of daily net assets if the new inflows in the Scheme from such cities, as specified by
SEBI from time to time, are at least:
(i) 30% of gross new inflows in the Scheme, or;
(ii) 15% of the average assets under management (year to date) of the Scheme,
whichever is higher.
In case, inflows from such cities is less than the higher of (i) or (ii) of above, such expenses on daily net assets of the Scheme will be charged on proportionate
basis in accordance with para 10.1.3 of SEBI Master Circular dated June 27, 2024.
The additional expenses on account of inflows from such cities charged will be credited back to the
Scheme in case the said inflows are redeemed within a period of one year from the date of investment.
The additional expenses charged in case of inflows from such cities will be utilized for distribution
expenses incurred for bringing inflows from such cities.
The additional TER in terms of Regulation 52(6A)(b) of SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996 shall be charged upto 30 basis points on daily net assets of the
Scheme based on inflows only from retail investors beyond Top 30 cities (B 30 cities). Inflows of amount upto Rs. 2,00,000 per transaction by individual investors
shall be considered as inflows from retail investors Top 30 cities shall mean top 30 cities based on Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI) data on ‘AUM by
Geography – Consolidated Data for Mutual Fund Industry’ as at the end of the previous financial year.
a. All scheme related expenses including commission paid to distributors, shall be paid from the Scheme only within the regulatory limits and not from the books

=== S01-024 | page 13 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Geography – Consolidated Data for Mutual Fund Industry’ as at the end of the previous financial year.
a. All scheme related expenses including commission paid to distributors, shall be paid from the Scheme only within the regulatory limits and not from the books
of the AMC, its associates, sponsor, trustee or any other entity through any route.
Provided that, such expenses that are not specifically covered in terms of Regulation 52 (4) can be paid out of AMC books at actual or not exceeding 2 bps of the
Scheme AUM, whichever is lower.
b. The Fund / the AMC shall adopt full trail model of commission in the Scheme, without payment of any upfront commission or upfronting of any trail commission,
directly or indirectly, in cash or kind, through sponsorships, or any other route.
c. All fees and expenses charged in a Direct Plan (in percentage terms) under various heads including the investment and advisory fee shall not exceed the fees
and expenses charged under such heads in Regular Plan.
d. No pass back, either directly or indirectly, shall be given by the Fund / the AMC / Distributors to the investors.
Illustration in returns between Regular and Direct Plan
Particulars Regular Plan Direct Plan
Amount invested at the beginning of the year (Rs,) 10,000 10,000
Returns before Expenses (Rs.) 1,500 1,500

=== S01-025 | page 14 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Expenses other than Distribution Expenses (Rs.) 150 150
Distribution Expenses (Rs.) 50 -
Returns after Expenses at the end of the year (Rs.) 1,300 1,350
Returns (%) 13.00% 13.50%
Disclosure on Goods & Services Tax:
Goods & Services Tax on investment management and advisory fees shall be in addition to the above expense. Further, with respect to Goods & Services Tax on
other than management and advisory fees:
- Goods & Services Tax on other than investment and advisory fees, if any, shall be borne by the scheme within the maximum limit of TER as per regulation 52 of
the Regulations.
- Goods & Services Tax on exit load, if any, shall be paid out of the exit load proceeds and exit load net of Goods & Services Tax, if any, shall be credited to the
scheme.
- Goods & Services Tax on brokerage and transaction cost paid for asset purchases, if any, shall be within the limit prescribed under regulation 52 of the Regulations.
For the actual current expenses being charged to the Scheme, the investor should refer to the website of the mutual fund
https://www.growwmf.in/downloads/expense-ratio . Any change proposed to the current expense ratio will be updated on the website at least three working days
prior to the change.
As per the Regulations, the total recurring expenses that can be charged to the Scheme in this Scheme information document shall be subject to the applicable
guidelines. The total recurring expenses of the Scheme, will, however, be limited to the ceilings as prescribed under Regulation 52(6) of the Regulations.
Actual expenses for the previous financial year:
Direct Plan: 1.03
Regular Plan: 2.43
Tax treatment Investor will be advised to refer to the details in the Statement of Additional Information and also independently refer to his tax advisor.
for the
Investors
(Unitholders)
Daily Net Asset The Asset Management Company (“AMC”) shall update the NAVs on the website of Association of Mutual Funds in India (“AMFI”) (www.amfiindia.com) by
Value (NAV) 11.00 p.m. every Business Day. The NAV shall also be available on AMC website https://www.growwmf.in/nav
Publication
For Investor Name and Address of Registrar: Name and Address of Investor Relations Officer:
Grievances
please contact KFin Technologies Ltd. Mr. Krishnam Thota (Investor Relations Officer) Corporate Office - 505 – 5th Floor, Tower 2B, One World
Selenium,Tower B, Centre, Near Prabhadevi Railway Station, Lower Parel, Mumbai – 400013, Maharashtra, Tele- +91 22
Plot number 31 & 32, 69744435 Email: iro@growwmf.in
Financial District, Nanakramguda,
Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad- 500032.

=== S01-026 | page 14 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Grievances
please contact KFin Technologies Ltd. Mr. Krishnam Thota (Investor Relations Officer) Corporate Office - 505 – 5th Floor, Tower 2B, One World
Selenium,Tower B, Centre, Near Prabhadevi Railway Station, Lower Parel, Mumbai – 400013, Maharashtra, Tele- +91 22
Plot number 31 & 32, 69744435 Email: iro@growwmf.in
Financial District, Nanakramguda,
Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad- 500032.
Unitholders’ Monthly / Half - Yearly The Mutual Fund shall disclose the scheme portfolios as on the last day of the month/ as on the last day of every half
Information Portfolio Disclosures year ended March and September within 10 days from the close of each month / half-year respectively. Further, the
Mutual Fund shall also disclose portfolio of the scheme on a fortnightly basis within 5 days from the end of the fortnight.
This is a list of securities The disclosure shall be on https://growwmf.in/statutory-disclosure/portfolio (Fortnightly/Monthly),
where the corpus of the https://growwmf.in/financials/half-yearly-unaudited-financials-&-portfolio (Half Yearly) and www.amfiindia.com. The
Scheme is currently AMC shall send via email the fortnightly statement of scheme portfolio within 5 days from the close of each fortnight
invested. The market value and the monthly and half-yearly statement of scheme portfolio within 10 days from the close of each month / half-year
of these investments is also respectively.
stated in portfolio
disclosures. Mutual Fund shall publish an advertisement every half-year disclosing the hosting of the half-yearly statement of its
schemes portfolio on its website and on the website of AMFI. Such advertisement shall be published in the all India
edition of at least two daily newspapers, one each in English and Hindi. Mutual Fund shall provide a physical copy of
the statement of its scheme portfolio, without charging any cost, on specific request received from a unitholder.

=== S01-027 | page 15 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Half -Yearly Financial The Mutual Fund and AMC shall within one month from the close of each half year i.e. 31st March and on 30th
Results September, host a soft copy of its unaudited financial results on their website. The Mutual Fund and AMC shall publish
an advertisement disclosing the hosting of such financial results on their website, in atleast one national English daily
newspaper and in a regional newspaper published in the language of the region where the Head Office of the Mutual
Fund is situated.
It will also be displayed on the website of the AMC https://www.growwmf.in/financials/half-yearly-unaudited and AMFI
www.amfiindia.com
Annual Report The Scheme wise annual report or an abridged summary thereof shall be mailed (emailed, where e-mail id is provided
unless otherwise required) to all Unit holders not later than four months (or such other period as may be specified by
SEBI from time to time) from the date of closure of the relevant accounting year (i.e. 31st March each year) and full
annual report shall be available for inspection at the Head Office of the Mutual Fund and a copy shall be made available
to the Unit holders on request on payment of nominal fees, if any. Scheme wise annual report shall also be displayed on
the website of the AMC https://www.growwmf.in/financials/scheme-financials and Association of Mutual Funds in India
(www.amfiindia.com).

=== S01-028 | page 16 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
COMMON APPLICATION FORM
1.2
.oN
noisreV
/
5202
rebotcO
61
/
mroF
noitacilppA
nommoC
MFD /RIA INFORMATION
Name & ARN Code Sub Agent ARN Code Sub Agent Code /Bank Branch Code/ Internal Code Employee Unique Identification Number RIA Code
ARN- (ARN stamp here) ARN-
I/We hereby confirm that the EUIN box has been intentionally left blank by me/us as this transaction is executed without any interaction or advice by the employee/relationship manager/sales person of the
above distributor/sub broker or not with standing the advice of in-appropriateness, if any, provided by the employee/relationship manager/sales person of the distributor/sub broker
1. INVESTOR'S FOLIO NUMBER
(If you have an existing folio number with KYC validated, please mention the number here, enter your name in section 4 & proceed to section 8 to provide FATCA / Additional KYC details. If these details are already
provided please proceed to Section 10. Mode of holding will be as per existing folio number.)
2. UNITHOLDING OPTION Demat Mode Physical Mode These details are compulsory if the investor wishes to hold the units in DEMAT mode.
Please ensure that the sequence of Names as mentioned in the application form matches with that of the account held with any one of the Depository Participant.
National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) Central Depository Securities Limited (CDSL)
I N
DP ID No. Beneficiary Account No. Target ID No.
Enclosures (Please tick any one box): Client Master List (CML) Transaction cum Holding Statement Cancelled Delivery Instruction Slip (DIS)
3. GENERAL INFORMATION MODE OF HOLDING : [Please tick(  )] Single Joint Any one or Survivor (Default)
ACKNOWLEDGMENT SLIP ( Please retain this slip)
To be filled in by the investor. Subject to realization of cheque and finishing of Mandatory Information.
Name of the Investor Mr/Ms/M/s :
Scheme /Plan/ Option: APP No.:
Time Stamp & Date
of receiving office
Payment Details: Instrument No. Date : Drawn on Bank:
^SUTATS
4. FIRST APPLICANT DETAILS (Investor Name and Date of Birth should be as per PAN Card.)
NAME Mr. M s. M/s. DOB D D M M Y Y Y Y
PAN / PEKRN CKYC Id
Name of Guardian PAN
(In case of minor) / Contact person for non individuals / PoA holder name
Guardianʼs Relationship With Minor Date of Birth Proof of Date of Birth and Guardianʼs Relationship with Minor
D D M M Y Y Y Y
Father Mother Court Appointed Guardian of Guardian Birth Certificate Passport Others (please specify)
(Mandatory in case of Minor)

=== S01-029 | page 16 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Guardianʼs Relationship With Minor Date of Birth Proof of Date of Birth and Guardianʼs Relationship with Minor
D D M M Y Y Y Y
Father Mother Court Appointed Guardian of Guardian Birth Certificate Passport Others (please specify)
(Mandatory in case of Minor)
Resident Individual NRI AOP/BOI Minor through Guardian Trust /Charities / NGOs HUF Defence Establishment
Private Limited Company FI PSU Body Corporate Sole Proprietor Society Bank
Public Limited Company PIO FPI^^^ ( w ^^ h ^ e a n s a a p n p d l icable) Government Body Partnership Firm Others (please specify)
Note: In case First Applicant is Non Individual please attach FATCA, CRS & UBO Self Certification Form. **In case First Applicant is Minor then details of Guardian will be required.
'Mandatory for all type of Investors. It is mandatory for investors to be KYC compliant prior to investing in Groww Mutual Fund.
Mobile Tel. No.
(For Receiving Transaction Alerts via SMS) Office Residence
No. STD Code
Mobile No. provided pertains to
Self Spouse Dependent children Dependent Sibling Dependent Parents A Guardian in case of a minor POA Custodian PMS
Email ID: (CAPITAL Letters only) (For Receiving Transaction Alerts Via Em ail)
Email ID provided pertains to
Self Spouse Dependent children Dependent Sibling Dependent Parents A Guardian in case of a minor POA Custodian PMS

=== S01-030 | page 17 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
##(P.O . Box is not sufficient) (Mandatory for NRI / FPI Applicants)
## Please note that your address details will be updated as per your KYC records with CKYC / KRA
House /Flat No. House /Flat No.
Street Address Street Address
Street Address Street Address
City/ Town State City/ Town State
Country Pin Code Country Pin Code
Investors providing Email Id would mandatorily receive E - Statement of Accounts in lieu of physical Statement of Accounts and the annual report or abridged summary on email. Please register your Mobile No & Email Id with
us to get instant transaction alerts via SMS & Email. I wish to receive scheme wise annual report or abridged summary through Physical mode (Applicable only for investors who have not specified the email id)
8. INVESTMENT DETAILS (Please fill Multiple purchase form for single cheque and multiple schemes.)
Scheme Plan
(For Product Labeling please refer last page of application form) (If you wish to invest in Direct Plan please mention Direct Plan against the scheme name)
[Please tick (  ) the appropriate boxes only if applicable to the scheme in which you plan to invest] Option Growth^^ IDCW-Reinvestment IDCW -Pay-out
1.2
.oN
noisreV
/
5202
rebotcO
61
/
mroF
noitacilppA
nommoC
5. SECOND APPLICANT DETAILS (Investor Name and Date of Birth should be as per PAN Card.)
NAME Mr. Ms. M/s. STATUS^: Resident Individual NRI
DOB D D M M Y Y Y Y PAN / CKYC
PEKRN Id
Mobile No. (For Receiving Transaction Alerts via SMS) Mobile No. provided pertains to
Self Spouse Dependent children Dependent Sibling Dependent Parents A Guardian in case of a minor POA Custodian PMS
Email ID (CAPITAL letters only)
Email ID provided pertains to
(For Receiving Transaction Alerts Via Em ail)
Self Spouse Dependent children Dependent Sibling Dependent Parents A Guardian in case of a minor POA Custodian PMS
6. THIRD APPLICANT DETAILS (Investor Name and Date of Birth should be as per PAN Card.)
NAME Mr. Ms. M/s. STATUS : Resident Individual NRI
DOB D D M M Y Y Y Y PAN / CKYC
PEKRN Id
Mobile No. (For Receiving Transaction Alerts via SMS) Mobile No. provided pertains to
Self Spouse Dependent children Dependent Sibling Dependent Parents A Guardian in case of a minor POA Custodian PMS
Email ID (CAPITAL letters only)
Email ID provided pertains to
(For Receiving Transaction Alerts Via Em ail)
Self Spouse Dependent children Dependent Sibling Dependent Parents A Guardian in case of a minor POA Custodian PMS

=== S01-031 | page 17 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Self Spouse Dependent children Dependent Sibling Dependent Parents A Guardian in case of a minor POA Custodian PMS
Email ID (CAPITAL letters only)
Email ID provided pertains to
(For Receiving Transaction Alerts Via Em ail)
Self Spouse Dependent children Dependent Sibling Dependent Parents A Guardian in case of a minor POA Custodian PMS
7. CONTACT DETAILS OF SOLE / FIRST APPLICANT
Correspondence Address Overseas Address
9. PAYMENT DETAILS (Multiple cheques not permitted with single application form)
Mode of Payment : Cheque Funds Transfer OTBM Facility (One Time Bank Mandate) RTGS / NEFT
LEI No. Valid Upto : D D M M Y Y Y Y
Investment Net Amount~
Amount ( ₹ ) ( ₹ )
Instrument No/UTR No. Date Drawn on Bank Bank Branch City
I I minus II D D M M Y Y Y Y
Note: LEI No. is Mandatory for transaction amount 50 Crs and above for Non Individual. Groww Mutual Fund LEI number is OTM: One Time Bank Mandate
335800GC3CL7LMG58F67.(^^ Default option if not selected)
Reason for Investment: House Childrenʼs education Childrenʼs Marriage Car Retirement Others

=== S01-032 | page 18 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
13. ADDITIONAL KYC DETAILS
OCCUPATION^** Professional Agriculturist Housewife Retired Government Service/PublicSector Business Forex Dealer Student Private Sector Service Others
1st Applicant
2nd Applicant
3rd Applicant
Guardian
GROSS ANNUAL INCOME DETAILS^** Below 1 Lac 1-5 Lacs 5-10 Lacs 10-25 Lacs 25 Lacs-1 Crore >1 Crore NET-WORTH^** in ` Date
1st Applicant (Net worth should D D M M Y Y Y Y
2nd Applicant not be older D D M M Y Y Y Y
3rd Applicant than 1 year) D D M M Y Y Y Y
Guardian D D M M Y Y Y Y
PEP DETAILS^** 1st Applicant 2nd Applicant 3rd Applicant Guardian
Are you a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)^** Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No
Are you related to a Politically Exposed Person (PEP)^** Yes No Yes No Yes No Yes No
14. POWER OF ATTORNEY (POA) HOLDER DETAILS PAN
1st Applicant POA Name Mr./Ms./M/s
2nd Applicant POA Name Mr./Ms./M/s
3rd Applicant POA Name Mr./Ms./M/s
1.2
.oN
noisreV
/
5202
rebotcO
61
/ mroF
noitacilppA
nommoC
10. BANK ACCOUNT DETAILS MANDATORY for Redemption/IDCW/Refunds, if any
Account No. M a n d a t o r y A/c. Type ( ) SB Current NRO NRE FCNR
Name of Bank M a n d a t o r y Bank Branch
Branch City PIN IFSC Code F o r C r e d i t v i a R T G S MICR Code 9 Digit For Credit via NEFT
Please ensure the name in this application form and in your bank account are the same. Please update your IFSC and MICR Code in order to get payouts via electronic mode in to your bank account.
11. FATCA and CRS DETAILS F o r Individuals (Mandatory) Non Individual Investors should mandatorily fill separate FATCA/CRS details form
# Please indicate all Countries in which you are a resident for tax purpose, associated Taxpayer Identification Number and it's Identification type eg. TIN etc.
Sole/First Applicant/Guardian Second Applicant Third Applicant
Country # ^** Tax Payer Ref. ID No% Identification Type Country# ^** Tax Payer Ref. ID No% Identification Type Country # ^** Tax Payer Ref. ID No% Identification Type
Country of Birth^** Country of Birth^** Country of Birth^**
Country of Nationality^** Country of Nationality^** Country of Nationality^**
In case Country of Tax Residence is only India then details of Country of Birth & Nationality need not be provided. % In case Tax Identification Number is not available, kindly provide its functional equivalent
12. DECLARATION OF NPO (For Trusts / Society)

=== S01-033 | page 18 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Country of Nationality^** Country of Nationality^** Country of Nationality^**
In case Country of Tax Residence is only India then details of Country of Birth & Nationality need not be provided. % In case Tax Identification Number is not available, kindly provide its functional equivalent
12. DECLARATION OF NPO (For Trusts / Society)
We are falling under "Non-Profit Organization" (NRO)-which has been constitufed for religious or charitable purposes referred to in clause (15) Of section 2 of the Income-tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961),
and is registered as a trust or a society under the Societies Registration Act, 1860 (21 of 1860) or any similar State legislation or a Company registered under the section 8 of the Companies
Act, 2013 (18 of 2013). Yes No
If yes, please quote Registration No. of Darpan portal of Niti Aayog.
FT
If not, please register immediately and confirm with the above information. Failure to get above confirmation or registration with the portal as mandated, wherever applicable will force MF / AMC to register your entity name in the above
portal and may report to the relevant authorities as applicable. We am/are aware that we may be liable for it for any fines or consequences as required under the respective statutory requirements and authorize you to deduct such
fines/charges under intimation to me/us or collect such fines/charges in any other manner as might be applicable.
15. NOMINATION DETAILS - (Ref. Instruction No. VI) In case of existing investor, Nomination details shall be replicated from the folio mentioned above. If investor wishes to register more nominees /modify any of the nomination details,
Registration /Cancellation of Nominee form shall be provided separately)
DETAILS NOMINEE 1 NOMINEE 2 NOMINEE 3
sliateD
yrotadnaM
Nominee Name
Share of Nominee (%)**
Relationship with Investor
Same As First Applicant Same As First Applicant Same As First Applicant
Postal Address Please tick ()
Other Address (Please mention
complete address in the box)
Mobile Number / Telephone No.
of Nominee (s)/ Guardian*
In Case of Minor
Email ID of Nominee (s)/ Guardian*
In Case of Minor
Nominee/ Guardian PAN PAN PAN
(in case of Minor) Identification Aadhaar (last 4) Aadhaar (last 4) Aadhaar (last 4)
Number [Please  any one and Driving Licence Driving Licence Driving Licence
provide only number]***
Passport Number Passport Number Passport Number

=== S01-034 | page 19 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
1.2
.oN
noisreV
/
5202
rebotcO
61
/
mroF
noitacilppA
nommoC
D D M M Y Y YY
16. DECLARATION AND SIGNATURE
I/We would like to invest in above mentioned scheme subject to terms of the Statement of Additional Information (SAI), Scheme Information Document (SID), Key Information Memorandum (KIM) and subsequent
amendments thereto. I/We have read, understood (before filling application form) and is/are bound by the details of the SAI, SID & KIM including details relating to various services. I/We have not received nor been
induced by any rebate or gifts, directly or indirectly, in making this investment. I / We declare that the amount invested in the Scheme is through legitimate sources only and is not designed for the purpose of
contravention or evasion of any Act / Regulations / Rules / Notifications / Directions or any other Applicable Laws enacted by the Government of India or any Statutory Authority. I accept and agree to be bound by the
said Terms and Conditions including those excluding/ limiting the Groww Asset Management Limited (Groww Mutual Fund) liability. I understand that the Groww Mutual Fund may, at its absolute discretion,
discontinue any of the services completely or partially without any prior notice to me. I agree Groww Mutual Fund can debit from my folio for the service charges as applicable from time to time. The ARN holder has
disclosed to me/us all the commissions (in the form of trail commission or any other mode), payable to him for the different competing Schemes of various Mutual Funds from amongst which the Scheme is being
recommended to me/us. I hereby declare that the above information is given by the undersigned and particulars given by me/us are correct and complete.
lanoitiddA
****sliateD
Nominee DOB D D M M Y Y YY D D M M Y Y YY
Guardian
** if % is not specified, then the assets shall be distributed equally amongst all the nominees *** Provide only number: PAN or Driving Licence or Aadhaar (last 4). However, in case of NRI / OCI / PIO, Passport
number is acceptable. Copy of the document is not required. **** to be furnished only in following conditions / circumstances:
Date of Birth (DoB): please provide, only if the nominee is mi no r.  Guardian: It is optional for you to provide, if the nominee is minor.

=== S01-035 | page 19 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
number is acceptable. Copy of the document is not required. **** to be furnished only in following conditions / circumstances:
Date of Birth (DoB): please provide, only if the nominee is mi no r.  Guardian: It is optional for you to provide, if the nominee is minor.
a.I / We want the details of my / our nominee to be printed in the statement of holding or statement of account, provided to me/ us by the AMC / DP as follows;
(please tick, as appropriate) Name of nominee(s) Nomination: Yes / No
b. I hereby authorize ______________________________________ (nominee number ) __________to operate my account on my behalf, in case of my incapacitation in terms
of paragraph 3.5 of the circular. He / She is authorized to encash my assets up to __________ of assets in the account / folio or Rs.______________
(strike off portions that are not relevant. If both % of assets and amount selected, than the amount shall be considered.)
c. Should be signed by all unit holders including joint holders, irrespective of mode of holding. Signature of two witness(es), along with name and address are required, if the account holder affixes thumb
impression, instead of wet signature.
Signature /
Holder(s) details Thumb Impresssion Witness Name Witness Address Witness Signature*
of Holder(s)
Sole / First Holder (Mr./Ms.)
Second Holder (Mr./Ms.)
Third Holder (Mr./Ms.)
FOR NOMINATION OPT-OUT: I/We DO NOT wish to make a nomination. (Please tick (  ) if the unit holder does not wish to nominate anyone)
I / We, the undersigned applicant(s)/unitholder(s) hereby confirm that I / we do not wish to appoint any nominee(s) in respect of the mutual fund application(s) / units held in my / our mutual fund folio(s) and
understand the implications / issues involved in non-appointment of any nominee(s) and am/ are further aware that in case of my demise / death of all the unit holders in the folio, my / our legal heir(s) would need to
submit all the requisite documents issued by the Court or such other competent authority, as may be required by the Mutual Fund / AMC for settlement of death claim / transmission of units in favour of the legal
heir(s), based on the value of the units held in the mutual fund folio/s.
SIGN First / Sole Applicant / Guardian / Second Applicant / Third Applicant /
HERE Authorised Signatory Authorised Signatory Authorised Signatory

=== S01-036 | page 20 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
INSTRUCTIONS TO HELP YOU COMPLETE THE MAIN APPLICATION FORM
I. GENERAL INSTRUCTION:
1. Please read the Key Information Memorandum (KIM), Statement of Additional Informa- 14. Politically Exposed Persons (PEP) are defined as individuals who are or have been
tion(SAI) and the Scheme Information Document(SID) carefully before investing. All entrusted with prominent public functions in a foreign country, e.g., Heads of States or of
applicants are deemed to have read, understood and accepted the terms subject to which Governments, senior politicians, senior Government/judicial/military officers, senior
this offer is being made and bind themselves to the terms upon signing the Application executives of state owned corporations, important political party officials, etc.
Form and tendering payment.
15. If the Scheme name on the application form and on the payment instrument are
2. The application form must be filled in English in BLOCK letters using Black or Dark Blue different, the application may be processed and units allotted at applicable NAV of the
colored ink. Incomplete applications are liable to be rejected. Please ensure that the scheme mentioned in the application / transaction slip duly signed by investor(s), given
requisite details and documents have been provided. This will help in avoiding processing that the same constitutes a valid legal document between the investor and the AMC.
delays and / or rejection of your Application Form. All subscription application forms should
16. If the name given in the application does not match the name as appearing on the PAN
be submitted only at the designated Investor Service Center of Groww Mutual Fund .
Card, authentication, application may be liable to get rejected or further transactions may
3. The Applicantʼs name and address must be given in full (P.O. Box No. alone is not be liable to get rejected.
sufficient). In case of multiple applicants, all communication and payments towards
redemption will be made in the name of / favoring first applicant only. If the first applicant II. APPLICANTʼS INFORMATION:
is a minor, the name of the Guardian who will sign on behalf of the minor should be filled in
1. In case of application(s) made by individual investors under a Power of Attorney, the
the space provided. Please fill in your date of birth as this may be required for validating
original Power of Attorney or a duly notarized copy should be submitted along with the
your identity for certain transactions/ communication. Also, please provide Telephone
subscription application form. In case of applications made by non-individual investors,

=== S01-037 | page 20 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
the space provided. Please fill in your date of birth as this may be required for validating
original Power of Attorney or a duly notarized copy should be submitted along with the
your identity for certain transactions/ communication. Also, please provide Telephone
subscription application form. In case of applications made by non-individual investors,
No./E-mail Id. of the first applicant, so as to facilitate faster and efficient communication.
the authorized signatories of such nonindividual investors should sign the application form
4. All applicants must sign the form, (quoting existing Folio no, if any). Thumb impressions in terms of the authority granted to them under the Constitutional Documents/+B+ oard
must be attested by a Judicial Magistrate/Notary Public under his/her official seal. In case resolutions / Power of Attorneys, etc. A list of specimen signatures of the authorized
of HUF, the Karta should sign on behalf of the HUF. Authorised signatories, signing on signatories, duly certified / attested should also be attached to the Application Form. The
behalf of a Co./Body Corp./Society/Trust etc should sign under their official seal, designa- Mutual Fund/AMC/Trustee shall deem that the investments made by such non individual
tion. A list of Authorised Signatories with their names & designations duty certified / investors are not prohibited by any law/Constitutional documents governing them and
attested by the bankers should be attached with the application form. they possess the necessary authority to invest.
5. Please note that if no Plan is ticked / indicated in the Application form, the units will, by 2. Application made by a limited company or by a body corporate or a registered society
default, be allotted under the Growth Plan of the Scheme. Similarly, Growth Option of the or a trust, should be accompanied by a copy of the relevant resolution or authority to make
Growth Plan and Reinvestment of Income Distribution cum capital withdrawal Option of the application, as the case may be, alongwith a certified copy of the Memorandum and
the Income Distribution cum capital withdrawal Plan shall be the default sub-options. Articles of Association or Trust Deed / Bye Laws / Partnership Deed, whichever is applica-
ble. 6. In case of Mode of Holding is not mentioned for Joint Holderʼs the default mode of
holding would be Joint. 3. Date of Birth of the minor is mandatory while opening the account /folio.

=== S01-038 | page 20 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
ble. 6. In case of Mode of Holding is not mentioned for Joint Holderʼs the default mode of
holding would be Joint. 3. Date of Birth of the minor is mandatory while opening the account /folio.
7. If the investment is done on behalf of the minor then the minor shall be the sole holder 4. In case the investment is done on behalf of the minor the relationship/status of the
in the folio /account. Joint holding will not be allowed in the folio/account opened on behalf guardian as father, mother or legal guardian and Date of birth of the minor shall be
of the minor. specified in the application form and following documents shall be submitted alongwith
the application form as evidence:
8. Guardian in the folio on behalf of the minor should either be a Natural guardian (i.e.
father or mother) or a court appointed Guardian. i. Birth certificate of the minor, or
9. If you have invested through a distributor kindly specify the name and ARN Code of the ii. School leaving certificate / Mark sheet issued by Higher Secondary Board of respective
distributor else for Direct Investment please Mention “Direct” in the Column “Name & states, ICSE, CBSE etc., or
Broker Code/ARN”. In case nothing is specified then by default the Broker Code will be
iii. Passport of the minor, or
treated as Direct.
iv. Any other suitable proof evidencing the date of birth of the minor.
10. Investors are required to clearly indicate the plans/options in the application form of the
scheme. Investor may note that following shall be applicable for default plan v. In case of court appointed legal guardian, supporting documentary evidence shall be
provided.
vi. In case of natural guardian a document evidencing the relationship if the same is not
available as part of the documents submitted as per point. i - iv above.
5. PERMANENT ACCOUNT NUMBER (PAN)
SEBI has made it mandatory for all applicants (in the case of application in joint names,
each of the applicants) to mention his/her permanent account number (PAN) irrespective
of the amount of purchase. *Where the applicant is a minor, and does not possess his / her
own PAN, he / she shall quote the PAN of his/ her father or mother or the guardian, signing
In cases of wrong/ invalid/ incomplete ARN codes mentioned on the application form, the on behalf of the minor, as the case may be. In order to verify that the PAN of the applicants

=== S01-039 | page 20 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
own PAN, he / she shall quote the PAN of his/ her father or mother or the guardian, signing
In cases of wrong/ invalid/ incomplete ARN codes mentioned on the application form, the on behalf of the minor, as the case may be. In order to verify that the PAN of the applicants
application shall be processed under Regular Plan. The AMC shall contact and obtain the (in case of application in joint names, each of the applicants) has been duly and correctly
correct ARN code within 30 calendar days of the receipt of the application form from the quoted therein, the applicants shall attach along with the purchase application, a
investor/ distributor. In case, the correct code is no received within 30 calendar days, the photocopy of the PAN card duly self-certified along with the original PAN Card. The
AMC shall reprocess the transaction under Direct Plan from the date of application without original PAN Card will be returned immediately across the counter after verification
any exit load. Similarly, in the absence of clear indication as to the choice of option(Growth *includes fresh/ additional purchase, Systematic Investment. Micro investment (including
or Payout of Income Distribution cum capital withdrawal option), by default, the units will lumpsum & Micro SIP) & Investors residing in the state of Sikkim are exempt from the
be allotted under the Growth Option of the default / selected plan of the scheme. mandatory requirement of PAN proof submission however they are required to mandato-
11. Investors can opt for Special facilities like Systematic Investment Plan, Systematic rily submit PAN Exempt KYC Reference No (PEKRN) to Groww Mutual Fund . Applications
Transfer Plan, Systematic Withdrawal Plan. not complying with the above requirement may not b accepted/ processed. Additionally,
in the event of any Application Form being subsequently rejected for mismatch / non-veri-
12. The guardian cannot undertake any financial and non-financial transactions including fication of applicantʼs PAN details with the details on the website of the Income Tax
fresh registration of Systematic Transfer Plan (STP), Systematic Investment Plan (SIP) and Department, the investment transaction will be cancelled and the amount may be
Systematic Withdrawal Plan (SWP) after the date of the minor attaining majority till the redeemed at the applicable NAV, subject to payment of exit load, if any. Please contact
documents for the change in status are provided. any of the Investor Service Centres/ KFintech/ Distributors or visit our website www.grow-

=== S01-040 | page 20 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Systematic Withdrawal Plan (SWP) after the date of the minor attaining majority till the redeemed at the applicable NAV, subject to payment of exit load, if any. Please contact
documents for the change in status are provided. any of the Investor Service Centres/ KFintech/ Distributors or visit our website www.grow-
13. In case the new investor wishes to opt for SIP through Auto debit/NACH mode then a wmf.in for further details.
separate OTM +SIP Form as applicable has to be submitted along with Common Applica- 6. PREVENTION OF MONEY LAUNDERING AND KNOW YOUR CLIENT (KYC)
tion Form. In case an existing investor wishes to opt for Auto debit/NACH mode for SIP
In order to reduce hardship and help investors dealing with SEBI intermediaries, SEBI
then only OTM + SIP Form as applicable has t be submitted.
issued three circulars - MIRSD/SE/Cir-21/2011 dated October 05, 2011, MIRSD/Cir-23/2011
dated December 02, 2011 and MIRSD/Cir-26/2011 dated December 23, 2011 informing
SEBI registered intermediaries as mentioned therein to follow, with effect from January 01,
2012, a uniform KYC compliance procedure for all the investors dealing with them on or
1.2
.oN
noisreV
/ 5202
rebotcO
61
/
mroF
noitacilppA
nommoC
Sr Brok b er y C th o e d e in m ve e s n t t o io r ned Plan th m e e in n v ti e o s n t e o d r by De b f e a c u a lt p P t l u a r n e d to
1 Not mentioned Not mentioned Direct Plan
2 Not mentioned Direct Plan Direct Plan
3 Not mentioned Regular Plan/Other than Direct Plan Direct Plan
4 Mentioned Direct Plan Direct Plan
5 Direct Not mentioned Direct Plan
6 Direct Regular Plan/Other than Direct Plan Direct Plan
7 Mentioned Regular Plan/Other than Direct Plan Regular Plan/Other than Direct Plan
8 Mentioned Not mentioned Regular Plan/Other than Direct Plan

=== S01-041 | page 21 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
INSTRUCTIONS TO HELP YOU COMPLETE THE MAIN APPLICATION FORM
after that date. SEBI also issued KYC Registration Agency ( “KRA”) Regulations 2011 and account of commission/incentive payable for sale of its goods services, in the form of the
the guidelines in pursuance of the said Regulations and for In-Person Verification (“IPV”). Mutual Fund Units through Systematic Investment Plans or lump sum / one-time subscrip-
tion (iii) Custodian on behalf of an FPI or a client. For the above mentioned cases KYC of
All investors (individual and non- individual) are required for KYC compliance. However,
the investor and the KYC of the person making the payment is mandatory irrespective of
applications should note that minors cannot apply for KYC compliance and any
the amount. Additionally declaration by the person making the payment giving details of
investment in the Name of minors should be through a Guardian, who should be KYC
the bank account from which the payment is being made and the relationship with the
compliant for the purpose of investing with a Mutual Fund. Also applicants/ unit holders
beneficiary is also required to be submitted.
intending, to apply for units currently holding units and operating their Mutual Fund folios
through a Power of Attorney (PoA) must ensure that the issue of PoA and the holder of the 3. Direct Credit of Redemption / IDCW Proceeds / Refund if any -GMF will endeavor to
PoA must mention their KYC compliance status at the time of investment. PoA holders are provide direct / electronic credit for IDCW / redemption payments into the investors bank
not permitted to apply for KYC compliance on behalf of the issuer of the PoA, Separate account directly. In case the direct credit is not affected by the unitholderʼs banker for any
procedures are prescribed for change in name, address, and other KYC related details, reason then GMF reserves the right to make the payment to the investor by a cheque / DD.
should the applicant desire to change such information, POS will extend the services of If the electronic credit is delayed or not affected or credited to a wrong account, on
effecting such changes. In line with the SEBI circular No. MIRSD/Cir-5/2012 dated April 13, account of incomplete or incorrect information, GMF will not be held responsible. Please
2012 and various other guidelines issued by SEBI on the procedural matters for KYC provide the MICR Code/IFSC code on the right bottom of your Cheque for us to help you

=== S01-042 | page 21 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
2012 and various other guidelines issued by SEBI on the procedural matters for KYC provide the MICR Code/IFSC code on the right bottom of your Cheque for us to help you
Compliances, the Investors are requested to note the following additional provisions shall in future for ECS/NEFT credit of IDCW and redemption payout.
be applicable for “KYC Compliances” with effect from December 1, 2012:
4. GMF offers facility to register multiple bank accounts in the folio and designate one of
1) In case of an existing investor of GMF and who is already KYC Compliant under the the bank account as “Default Bank account”. Default bank account will be used for all
erstwhile centralized KYC with CVL (CVLMF) then there will be no effect on subsequent IDCW and redemption payouts unless investor specifies one of the existing registered
Purchase/ Additional Purchase (or ongoing SIPs/STPs,etc) in the existing folios/accounts bank account in the redemption request for receiving redemption proceeds. A new non –
which are KYC compliant. Existing Folio holder can also open a new folio with Groww registered bank account specified in the redemption request for receiving redemption
++
Mutual Fund with the erstwhile centralized KYC proceeds will not be considered and the redemption proceeds will by default be credited
into the default Bank account. The investor will have to initially get the non registered bank
2) In case of an existing investor of Groww Mutual Fund and who is not KYC Compliant as
account registered in the folio and then apply for the redemption request. Also if no
per our records, the investor will have to submit the standard KYC Application forms
registered bank account is mentioned at the time of redemption then by default the
available in the website www.cvlkra.com along with supporting documents at any of the
redemption proceeds will be credited into the default Bank account.
SEBI registered intermediaries at the time of purchase / additional purchase / new registra-
tion of SIP/STP etc. In Person Verification (IPV) will be mandatory at the time of KYC 5. In accordance with the AMFI Best Practice Guideline Circular No. 17/2010-11 dated
Submission. This uniform KYC submission would a onetime submission of documentation. October 22, 2010 and Circular No. 39/ 2013-14 dated August 23, 2013 and to reduce
operational risk, Investor(s) are requested to note that any one of the following documents
3) Investors who have complied with KYC process before December 31, 2011 (KYC status

=== S01-043 | page 21 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Submission. This uniform KYC submission would a onetime submission of documentation. October 22, 2010 and Circular No. 39/ 2013-14 dated August 23, 2013 and to reduce
operational risk, Investor(s) are requested to note that any one of the following documents
3) Investors who have complied with KYC process before December 31, 2011 (KYC status
shall be required to submit as a proof of Bank Account Details (for Redemption/IDCW), in
with CVL KRA as “MF - VERIFIED BY CVLMF”) and not invested in the schemes of Groww
case the cheque provided along with fresh subscription/new folio creation does not
Mutual Fund i.e not opened a folio earlier, and wishes to invest on or after December 01,
belong to the Bank Account Details specified in the application form for redemption / IDCW
2012, such investors will be required to submit ‘missing/not availableʼ KYC information and
paymentsw.e.f. March 1, 2014.
complete the IPV requirements.
a) Cancelled original cheque of the Bank Account Details with first unit holder Name and
Updation of ‘missing / not availableʼ KYC information along with IPV is currently a one-time bank account number printed on the face of the cheque; (or)
requirment and needs to be completed with any one of the mutual funds i.e. need not be
done with all the mutual funds where investors have existing investments. Once the same b) Self attested copy of bank statement with current entries not older than 3 months; (or)
is done then the KYC status at CVL KRA will change to ‘Verified by CVL KRAʼ after due
c) Self attested copy of bank passbook with current entries not older than 3 months; (or)
verification. In such a scenario, where the KYC status changes to ‘Verified by CVL KRAʼ,
investors need not submit the ‘missing/not availableʼ KYC information to mutual funds d) Bank Letter duly signed by branch manager/authorized personnel.
again.
IV. INVESTMENT & PAYMENT DETAILS:
Individual Investors are required to submit ‘KYC Details Change Formʼ issued by CVL-KRA
available on their website www.cvlkra.com. 1. Payment should be made by crossed cheques, /Demand Draft/payorder, favouring the
scheme name and marked “Account Payee” payable locally in the city where the applica-
In case of Non Individual investors, complied with KYC process before December 31, 2011,
tion is submitted. Post dated or outstation cheques/draft are not permitted. Application
KYC needs to be done afresh due to significant and major changes in KYC requirements.
received with outstation cheque/demand draft shall be rejected. With a view to avoid

=== S01-044 | page 21 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
In case of Non Individual investors, complied with KYC process before December 31, 2011,
tion is submitted. Post dated or outstation cheques/draft are not permitted. Application
KYC needs to be done afresh due to significant and major changes in KYC requirements.
received with outstation cheque/demand draft shall be rejected. With a view to avoid
Investors needs to provide the complete details in the KYC application form along with the fraudulent practices, it is recommended that investors may also make the payment
required documents (for individual investors or non-individual investors as appropriate). instrument (cheque, demand draft, pay order, etc.) favoring either of the following: (a)
The said form is available on GMFʼs website i.e. www.growwmf.in or on the website of “XYZ Scheme A/c Permanent Account Number” (b) “XYZ Scheme A/c First Investor
Association of Mutual Funds In India i.e. www.amfiindia.com or on the website of any Name” (Investors are urged to follow the order of preference in making the payment
authorised KRAʼs. instrument).
7. In case of NRI/ FPI investors the Account Statements / Redemption Cheques / Other In case of investments made in the name of a minor through a guardian by means of
correspondence will be sent to the mailing address mentioned. Cheque, Demand Draft or any other mode, the shall be accepted from the bank account
of the minor / minor with guardian or from a joint account of the minor with the guardian
8. All applications are accepted subject to detailed scrutiny and verification. Applications
only.
which are not complete in all respects are liable for rejection, either at the collection point
itself or subsequently after detail scrutiny/verification at the back office of the registrars. Investors from such centers, who do not have a facility to pay by local cheque, as there are
no Collection Centres of GMF, will be permitted to deduct the actual DD commissionʼs
III. BANK DETAILS:
charges. Documentary proof, there of is to be attached, if not attached the AMC reserves
1. As per the SEBI guidelines, it is mandatory for investors to mention their bank account the right to call for the same at a later date. The amount of the DD commission charges will
details in the application form. In the absence of the bank details the application form will be limited to the actual charges paid or DD charges of State Bank of India, whichever is
be rejected. lower. (Separate application form is required for investment in each plan/option.)

=== S01-045 | page 21 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
details in the application form. In the absence of the bank details the application form will be limited to the actual charges paid or DD charges of State Bank of India, whichever is
be rejected. lower. (Separate application form is required for investment in each plan/option.)
2. Purchase Application requests should necessarily mention the pay-in bank account 2. Please mention the application serial no. on the reverse of the cheque/demand draft
details i.e bank name, bank account number, bank branch used for issuing the payments tendered with the application.
to the fund. The first unit holder has to ensure that the subscription payment has to be
made through his own bank account or through any of the bank account wherein he is one 3. In case the payment is made through Demand Draft or Bankers Cheque or Indian Rupee
of the joint bank account holder. If this is not evidenced on the payment cheque/funds draft purchased abroad or from FCNR or NRE A/c, an Account Debit Certificate from the
transfer/RTGS/NEFT request, demand draft etc given by the investor at the time of Bank issuing the draft, confirming the debit should be submitted. For subscription made by
subscription then unit holder should attach necessary supporting documents as equired NRE / FCNR Account cheques, the application forms must be accompanied with a
by the fund like bank certificate, bank passbook copy, bank statement etc to prove that photocopy of the cheque or Account Debit Letter / Certificate from the bankers.
the funds are from a bank account held by the first unit holder only. If the documents are 4. One time Bank mandate (OT BM) facilitates the investor to register a debit Mandate with
not submitted with the application the fund reserves the right to reject the application or his banker which will contain a pre defined upper limit for the amount to be debited from
call for additional details. In specific exceptional situations where Third Party payment is his bank account for every Purchase Transaction done. If the investor is making payment
permitted like i.e (i) Payment by employer on behalf of employee under Systematic through OTM facility registered in the folio, then he has to tick the relevant box and not
Investment Plan (SIP) facility, or lump sum / one time subscription, through payroll attach any cheque along with the purchase request. The subscription amount will be

=== S01-046 | page 21 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Investment Plan (SIP) facility, or lump sum / one time subscription, through payroll attach any cheque along with the purchase request. The subscription amount will be
deductions or deductions of expense reimbursements (ii) Payment by Corporate to its debited from the bank account details as mentioned in theOTMfacility opted by the
Agent/Distributor/Dealer (similar arrangement with principal-agent relationship), on investor.
.
1.2
.oN
noisreV
/ 5202
rebotcO
61
/
mroF
noitacilppA
nommoC

=== S01-047 | page 22 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
INSTRUCTIONS TO HELP YOU COMPLETE THE MAIN APPLICATION FORM
V. NOMINATION FOR UNITS HELD IN PHYSICAL MODE:
1. Nomination facility is available to individuals applying on their own behalf i.e. singly or Fund schemes and securities from the Depository by email / physical mode.
jointly. Nomination is mandatory for folios opened by individuals with single mode of
5. Investors having MF investments and not having Demat account shall receive a Consol-
holding.
idated Account Statement from the MF Industry containing details of transactions across
2. Multiple nominee (Resident, NRI, Including Minor) can be nominated. Nomination can all Mutual Fund schemes by email / physical mode.
also be in favour of the Central Government, State Government, a local authority, any
The word ‘transactionʼ shall include purchase, redemption, switch, payout of Income
person designated by virtue of his office or a religious or charitable trust.
Distribution cum capital withdrawal option, reinvestment of Income Distribution cum
3. Nomination of an NRI is subject to requirements, if any, prescribed by RBI and SEBI from capital withdrawal option, systematic investment plan, systematic withdrawal plan and
time to time. systematic transfer plan transactions.
4. Nomination can be changed at any time during the currency of the investment by the CAS shall not be received by the Unit holders for the folio(s) wherein the PAN details are
same persons who have made the nominations. not updated. The Unit holders are therefore requested to ensure that the folio(s) are
updated with their PAN. For Micro SIP and Sikkim based investors whose PAN details are
5. Unitholder being either parent or lawful guardian on behalf of a minor and an eligible
not mandatorily required to be updated Account Statement will be dispatched by Groww
institution, societies, bodies corporate, HUF, AoPs, BoIs and partnership firms shall have
Mutual Fund/GMF for each calendar month on or before 10th of the immediately succeed-
no right to make any nomination.
ing month.
6. The nominee shall not be a trust (other than a religious or charitable trust), society, body
In case of a specific request received from the Unit holders, / GMF will provide the account
corporate, partnership firm, karta of HUF or power of attorney holder.
statement to the investors within 5 Business Days from the receipt of such request.
7. On registration of nomination a suitable endorsement shall be made on the statement of
account or in the form of a separate letter. VII. SEBI CIRCULAR OF JUNE 30, 2009 ON REMOVAL OF ENTRY LOD ++

=== S01-048 | page 22 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
statement to the investors within 5 Business Days from the receipt of such request.
7. On registration of nomination a suitable endorsement shall be made on the statement of
account or in the form of a separate letter. VII. SEBI CIRCULAR OF JUNE 30, 2009 ON REMOVAL OF ENTRY LOD ++
8. The facility of nomination is available to a unitholder under SEBI (MFs) Regulations and In terms of SEBI circular no. SEBI/IMD/CIR No.4/ 168230/09 dated June 30, 2009, no entry
guidelines issued by SEBI from time to time. load will be charged by the Scheme to the investor effective August 1, 2009. Upfront
commission shall be paid directly by the investor to the AMFI registered Distributors based
9. Nomination in respect of units stands rescinded, upon the transfer of units. on the investorsʼ assessment of various factors including the service rendered by the
10. On cancellation of nominations, the nomination shall stand rescinded and GMF shall distributor
not be under any obligation to transfer the units in favour of the nominee
VIII. BENEFITS
11. Where a nomination in respect of any unit has been made, the units shall, on the death
1. Mobile No.: Get alerts on the move for Purchase, IDCW or Redemption, SIP Debit alert
of the unitholder(s), vest in the nominee and on compliance of necessary formalities the after it reflects in your account or two days prior to SIP debit
nominee shall be issued a SOA in respect of the units so vested subject to any charge or
encumbrance over the said units. Nominee would be able to hold the units provided he is 2. E-Mail ID: The Account Statement will be e-mailed instantly to your registered email
otherwise eligible to become a unitholder of the scheme. address as andwhen you transact with Groww Mutual Fund .
3. IFSC/MICR Code: With Groww E-IDCW you can have your IDCW credited in your 12. Where there are two or more unitholders one of whom has expired the title to units shall
account through the Electronic Clearing Service (ECS) / National Electronic Fund Transfer
vest in the surviving unitholder(s) who may retain the nomination or change or cancel the
(NEFT). same. However, non expression of desire to change or substitute the nominee by
surviving unitholder shall be deemed to be the consent of surviving unitholder for the
existing nomination.
13. Transmission made by the AMC as aforesaid, shall be a full discharge to the AMC from

=== S01-049 | page 22 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
(NEFT). same. However, non expression of desire to change or substitute the nominee by
surviving unitholder shall be deemed to be the consent of surviving unitholder for the
existing nomination.
13. Transmission made by the AMC as aforesaid, shall be a full discharge to the AMC from
all liabilities in respect of the said units. For further details please refer SAI.
14. In case of a Zero Balance Folio Holder, nomination mentioned in Zero Balance Folio
form shall be taken as default unless Scheme specific nomination has been made.
15. Where a folio has joint holders, all joint holders should sign the request for Nomination/-
cancellation of nomination, even if the mode of holding is not “joint”
16. Power of Attorney (POA) holder cannot sign the Nomination form.
17. Nomination is not allowed in a folio held on behalf of a minor.
18. If the investor does not fill in the nomination details under Point no - 13 of the Applica-
tion form, then he needs to select nomination OPT-OUT section with declaration.
19. Nomination is maintained at the folio level and not at the scheme level. If the investor
fills in a fresh application form with new Nominee name than the same shall supercede the
existing nominee details in the folio.
VI. COMMUNICATION FOR THE INVESTORS :
CIR/MRD/DP/31/2014 dated November 12, 2014 the investor whose transaction has been
accepted by the Groww Mutual Fund /GMF shall receive a confirmation by way of email
and/or SMS within 5 Business Days from the date of receipt of transaction request, same
will be sent to the Unit holders registered e-mail addressand/or mobile number.
Thereafter, a Consolidated Account Statement (“CAS”) shall be issued in line with the
following procedure:
1. Consolidation of account statement shall be done on the basis of PAN. In case of
multiple holding, it shall be PAN of the first holder and pattern of holding.
2. The CAS shall be generated on a monthly basis and shall be issued on or before 10th of
the immediately succeeding month to the unit holder(s) in whose folio(s) transaction(s)
has/have taken place during the month.
3. In case there is no transaction in any of the mutual fund folios then CAS detailing holding
of investments across all schemes of all Mutual Funds will be issued on half yearly basis [at
the end of every six months (i.e. September/ March)]
4. Investors having MF investments and holding securities in Demat account shall receive

=== S01-050 | page 22 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
of investments across all schemes of all Mutual Funds will be issued on half yearly basis [at
the end of every six months (i.e. September/ March)]
4. Investors having MF investments and holding securities in Demat account shall receive
a Consolidated Account Statement containing details of transactions across all Mutual
1.2
.oN
noisreV
/ 5202
rebotcO
61
/
mroF
noitacilppA
nommoC
4. As per the AMFI Best Practice Guidelines Circular No. 77/2018-19 dated March 20, 2019
it is suggested to provide Email ID/ Mobile number of investors in application form.
5. Primary holder should provide his/her own Email ID and Mobile Number for speed and
ease of communication in a convenient and cost-effective manner and also to prevent
fraudulent transactions.
6. Investor is also requested to provide the consent, if Mobile No. and Email provided
pertains to self, spouse, dependent children, dependent siblings, dependent parents, and
a guardian in case of a minor.
IX. MICRO INVESTMENT (INCLUDING LUMPSUM & MICRO SIP)
1. In line with SEBI letter no. OW/16541/2012 dated July 24, 2012 addressed to AMFI,
Investments in the mutual fund schemes {including investments through Systematic
Investment Plans (SIPs)} up to Rs. 50,000/- per investor per year shall be exempted from
the requirement of PAN.
Accordingly, for considering the investments made by an investor up to Rs. 50,000/-, an
aggregate of all investments including SIPs made by an investor in a Financial Year i.e.
from April to March, shall be considered and such investors shall be exempted from the
requirement of PAN. However, requirements of Know Your Customer (KYC) shall be
mandatory and investors seeking the above exemption of PAN will need to submit the
PAN Exempt KYC Reference No (PEKRN) acknowledgement issued by KRA along with the
application form.
This exemption is applicable only for individuals including NRIs, minors acting through
guardian, Sole proprietorship firms and joint holders*. Other categories of investors e.g.
PIOs, HUFs, QFIs,non - individuals, etc. are not eligible for such exemption.
* In case of joint holders, first holder must not possess a PAN.
Investors are requested to note that, incase where a lump sum investment is made during
the financial year and subsequently a fresh SIP mandate request is given where the total
investments for that financial year exceeds Rs. 50,000/-, such SIP application shall be
rejected.
In case where a SIP mandate is submitted during the financial year and subsequently a
fresh lumpsum investment is being made provided where the total investments for that

=== S01-051 | page 22 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
investments for that financial year exceeds Rs. 50,000/-, such SIP application shall be
rejected.
In case where a SIP mandate is submitted during the financial year and subsequently a
fresh lumpsum investment is being made provided where the total investments for that
financial year exceeds Rs. 50,000, such lump sum application will be rejected.
Redemptions if any, in the Micro Investment folio, shall not be considered for calculating
the exemption limit for such financial year. Consolidation of folio shall be allowed only if the
PEKRN in all folios is same along with other investor details.

=== S01-052 | page 23 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
INSTRUCTIONS TO HELP YOU COMPLETE THE MAIN APPLICATION FORM
2. In case the first Micro SIP installment is processed and the application is found to be (“HIRE”) Act, 2010, there is a likelihood of withholding tax being levied on certain income/
defective, the Micro SIP registration will be ceased for future installments. No refunds to receipt sourced from the subjects of United States of America (“US”) with respect to the
be made for the units already allotted. Investor will be sent a communication to this effect. schemes, unless such schemes are FATCA compliant. In this regard, the respective
However, redemptions shall be allowed. governments of India and US have agreed on the principal terms of a proposed Inter-Gov-
ernmental Agreement (IGA and the same is likely to be executed in near future. In terms of
X. UNITS HELD IN THE DEMATERIALISED FORM this proposed IGA, Groww Mutual Fund (“GMF”) and / or Groww Asset Management
1. With effect from October 1, 2011, in accordance with SEBI Circular No. IMD/DF/9/2011 Limited (“GAMC”/ “AMC”are likely to be classified as a “Foreign Financial Institution” and
dated May 19, 2011, an option to subscribe/hold the units of the Scheme(s)/Plan(s) of GMF in which case GMF and/ or would be required, from time to time, to (a) undertake the
in dematerialized (demat) form is being provided to the investors in terms of the necessary due-diligence process; (b) identify US reportable accounts; (c) collect certain
guidelines/ procedural requirements as laid by the Depositories (NSDL/CDSL) / Stock required information/ documentary evidence (“information”) with respect to th residential
Exchanges (NSE / BSE) from time to time. status of the unit holders; and (d) directly or indirectly disclose/report/ submit such or
other relevant information to the appropriate US and Indian authorities. Such information
2. The Unit holders are given an Option to hold the units by way of an Account Statement
may include (without limitation) the unit holderʼs folio detail, identity of the unit holder,
(Physical form) or in Dematerialized (‘Dematʼ) form. Unit holders opting to hold the units in
details of the beneficial owners and controlling persons etc. In this regard and in order to
demat form must provide their Demat Account details in the specified section of the
comply with the relevant provisions under FATCA, the unit holders would be required to
application form. The Unit holder intending to hold the units in Demat form are required to
fully cooperate & furnish the required information to the AMC, as and when deemed

=== S01-053 | page 25 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
policies, unavailability of banks computer system , force majeure events or any other
photocopy of the cheque or cancelled cheque of the bank/ branch for which NACH is to
cause of peril which is beyond their reasonable control and which has the effect of
be registered. preventing the performance of contract by them.
3. First SIP cheque and subsequent SIP installments via NACH should be of the same 14. Investors will not hold Groww AMC, its registrars, banks and other service providersre-
amount.
sponsible if the transaction is delayed or not effected or the investor's bank account is
4. Employee Unique Identification Number (EUIN) - Investor investing through Intermedi- debited in advance or after the specific SIP date or if 2-3 consecutive SIPinstallments are
ary shall mandatorily mention the EUIN on the application form, irrespective whether debited by your bank in a day due to the local holidays or any otherreason.
he/she has been advised by Sales person/ Employee/ Relationship manager\ of the
15.Groww AMC reserves the right to reject any application without assigning any reason
Intermediary or not.
thereof.
However, in case of any exception cases, where there is no interaction by Sales person/
16. Please refer SID for minimum SIP investment amount under each schemes.
Employee / Relationship manager of the intermediary with respect to the investment /
transaction, the EUIN box may be left blank. If left blank, AMC will seek the following 17. Please refer the Key Information Memorandum (KIM) and SID of the respective
declaration separately from the investor, scheme for applicable NAV, risk factors, load (exit/entry) and other information on the
respective scheme before investing.
“I/We hereby confirm that the EUIN box has been intentionally left blank by me/us as this
18. If an investor does not mention SIP Frequency and/or SIP date in the application form
transaction is executed without any interaction or advice by the employee/relationship
or multiple SIP frequency/dates are mentioned in the SIP Mandate or the details are
manager/sales person of the above distributor/sub broker or notwithstanding the advice
unclear in the SIP form, the default SIP frequency shall be treated as monthly and the
of in-appropriateness, if any, provided by the employee/relationship manager/sales
default SIP date will be considered as 15th. If an investor does not mention SIP start date
person of the distributor/sub broker.” It is mandatory to obtain EUIN for every Sales person
or the SIP start date is unclear in the SIP form, the SIP date will by default start from the

=== S01-054 | page 26 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
SIP
Installment option
available under SIP ++
Daily Weekly Monthly Quarterly
Rs. 100 and in multiples Rs. 100 and in multiples Rs. 500 and in multiples Rs. 500 and in multiples
Minimum SIP Amount
of Re. 1/- thereafter of Re. 1/- thereafter of Re. 1/- thereafter of Re. 1/- thereafter
All Scheme Minimum SIP Installment 180 Installments 24 Instalments 12 Installments 4 Installments
Any Date between 1 to 28 Any Date From Any Date between 1 to 28 Any Date between 1 to 28
SIP Dates
Default date is 15 1, 8, 15 & 22 Default date is 15 Default date is 15
Rs. 500 and in multiples Rs. 500 and in multiples Rs. 500 and in multiples Rs. 500 and in multiples
Minimum SIP Amount
of Rs. 500/-thereafter of Rs. 500/-thereafter of Rs. 500/-thereafter of Rs. 500/-thereafter
Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund Minimum SIP Installment 180 Installments 24 Instalments 12 Installments 4 Installments
Any Date between 1 to 28 Any Date From Any Date between 1 to 28 Any Date between 1 to 28
SIP Dates
Default date is 15 1, 8, 15 & 22 Default date is 15 Default date is 15
ADDITIONAL INSTRUCTIONS FOR MICRO SYSTEMATIC INVESTMENT PLAN (MSIP)
1. Micro SIP (Systematic Investment Plan) upto Rs. 50,000 per year per investor shall 7. Photo identification documents to be submitted in case of Micro SIP Voter Identity Card,
be exempted from the requirement of PAN. Driving License, Government / Defense identification card, Passport, Photo Ration Card,
Photo Debit Card (Credit card will not be accepted), Employee ID cards issued by
2. In case of Micro SIP also KYC is mandatory w.e.f. 1st January, 2012.
companies registered with Registrar of Companies, Photo Identification issued by Bank
3. In lieu of PAN card copy Investor (including joint holders) to provide the self attested Managers of Scheduled Commercial Banks / Gazetted Officer / Elected Representatives
valid Photo ID Proof. Please refer Point 6 below. to the Legislative Assembly / Parliament, ID card issued to employees of Scheduled
Commercial / State / District Cooperative Banks, Senior Citizen / Freedom Fighter ID card
4. All Micro SIPs where aggregate of installments in a financial year i.e. April to March
issued by Government, Cards issued by Universities / deemed Universities or institutes does not exceed ₹50,000.
under statutes like ICAI, ICWA, ICSI, Permanent Retirement Account No (PRAN) card

=== S01-055 | page 28 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
8. Groww AMC reserves the right to reject any application without assigning any reason thereof and the Trustee reserves the right to change/modify the terms
and conditions of SWP/STP
9. For mandatory requirements like Bank account details, Know Your Customer (KYC) and required documents please refer KIM/SID.
10. Transfer of IDCW Facility is possible only from Groww Liquid Fund - Monthly IDCW Option and Groww Dynamic Bond Fund – Payout of Monthly IDCW Option
to any other scheme.
11. In case of an investor who was a minor, the minor on attaining majority has to submit all the necessary documents and complete all the formalities as
mentioned in the SID to start or renew a SIP / STP / SWP.
Installment options available under STP/SWP
STP ++
Daily Weekly Monthly Quarterly
Minimum ₹5` 00/- and in multiples ₹500/- and in multiples ₹500/- and in multiples ₹500/- and in multiples
amount of ₹1/- thereafter of ₹1/- thereafter of ₹1/- thereafter of ₹1/- thereafter
All Schemes
Minimum
6 6 6 6
Installments
SWP
Monthly Quarterly
Minimum ₹500/- and in multiples ₹1500/- and in multiples of
amount of ₹1/- thereafter ₹1/- thereafter
All Schemes
Minimum
12 4
Installments
Systematic Transfer Plan / Systematic Withdrawal Plan
1. All valid requests for STP/SWP forms from one scheme to the other scheme would be treated as switch out/ redemption and switch in/ purchase at the applica-
ble NAV of the respective scheme(s).
2. Minimum Investment Amount in Transfer Out scheme should be as per the respective SID/ Addendum.
3. Units marked under Lien, Pledge or Lock-in Period in the Transfer Out scheme will not be eligible for STP/SWP.
4. All valid applications will be processed as per the applicable uniform cut off timings on the business days as mentioned in the respective scheme SID.
5. A Unit holder who has opted for STP/SWP under a specific Scheme can also redeem or switch his Units to any other eligible Scheme provided he has sufficient
balance in his account on the date of such a request
6. The Unit holder can make additional subscriptions in accordance to the terms and conditions of the Scheme Information Document (SID). Such additional
subscription will alter the functioning of the STP/ SWP.
7. STP/SWP will be terminated automatically incase minimum STP/SWP installment amount is not available in the folio and the transaction gets rejected 3
consecutive times.
Mutual Fund investments are subject to market risks. Please read Statement of Additional Information (SAI) and respective Scheme

=== S01-056 | page 38 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
• Credit Risk: In simple terms this risk means that the issuer of a debenture/ bond or a money market instrument may default on interest payment or even in paying
back the principal amount on maturity. REITs are likely to have volatile cash flows as the repayment dates would not necessarily be pre scheduled.
• Liquidity or Marketability Risk: This refers to the ease with which a security can be sold at or near to its valuation yield-to-maturity (YTM). The primary
measure of liquidity risk is the spread between the bid price and the offer price quoted by a dealer. As these products are new to the market they are likely to be
exposed to liquidity risk.
• Reinvestment Risk: Investments in REITs may carry reinvestment risk as interest rates prevailing on the interest or maturity due dates may differ from the original
coupon of the bond. Consequently, the proceeds may get invested at a lower rate.
• Risk of lower than expected distributions: The distributions by the REIT will be based on the net cash flows available for distribution. The amount of cash
available for distribution principally depends upon the amount of cash that the REIT receives as dividends or the interest and principal payments from portfolio
assets.
The above are some of the common risks associated with investments in REITs. There can be no assurance that investment objectives will be achieved, or that
there will be no loss of capital. Investment results may vary substantially on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis.

=== S01-057 | page 40 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Investment Manager: Groww Asset Management Ltd. (CIN-U65991KA2008PLC180894)
Corporate Office: 505 - 5th Floor, Tower 2B, One World Centre, Jupiter Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg, Near
Prabhadevi Railway Station Prabhadevi (W), Mumbai – 400013
Registered Office: Vaishnavi Tech Park, South Tower, 3rd Floor, Survey No.16/1 and 17/2, Ambalipura Village, Varthur
Hobli, Bellandur, Bangalore South, Bangalore- 560103, Karnataka, India
Notice cum addendum no. 50/2025 – 2026
Notice Cum Addendum to Statement of Additional Information (‘SAI’) of Groww Mutual Fund (‘the Fund’),
Scheme Information Document (SID) and Key Information Memorandum (KIM) of the scheme(s) of the Fund.
A. Change in designation of Key Personnel
Investors/Unitholders are requested to note that Mr. Gagan Thareja [currently designated as Head of Research (Equity)]
shall be re-designated to ‘Fund Manager & Head of Research (Equity)’ with effect from January 20, 2026.
The relevant details shall be updated in the section ‘Information on Key Personnel” of the Asset Management Company’
of the SAI of the Fund.
B. Change in Fund Management Responsibilities of the scheme(s) of the Fund
Investors/Unitholders are requested to note that, pursuant to internal re-structuring, the Fund Management Responsibilities
of the following scheme(s) of the Fund, shall be changed as under, with effect from January 20, 2026.
Sr. Scheme(s) Name Existing Fund Manager(s) Revised Fund Manager (s)
No.
1. Groww Large Cap Fund • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity) • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity)
(Large Cap Fund- An open- • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant
ended equity scheme Fund Manager-Equity) Fund Manager-Equity)
predominantly investing in • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Fund Manager-
large cap stocks) Equity)
2. Groww Value Fund (An • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity) • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Fund Manager -
open-ended equity scheme • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant Equity)
following a value investment Fund Manager-Equity) • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant
strategy) Fund Manager-Equity)
• Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity)
3. Groww Multicap Fund (An • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity) • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity)
open-ended equity scheme • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant
investing across large-cap, Fund Manager-Equity) Fund Manager-Equity)
mid-cap, and small-cap • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Fund Manager-
stocks) Equity)
4. Groww Banking & Financial • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity)
Services Fund (An open Equity) • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant
ended equity scheme • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee Fund Manager- Equity)
investing in banking and (Assistant Fund Manager- Equity) • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Fund Manager-
financial services related Equity)
sectors)

=== S01-058 | page 40 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
4. Groww Banking & Financial • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity)
Services Fund (An open Equity) • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant
ended equity scheme • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee Fund Manager- Equity)
investing in banking and (Assistant Fund Manager- Equity) • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Fund Manager-
financial services related Equity)
sectors)
5. Groww Aggressive Hybrid • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity) • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity)
Fund (An open-ended hybrid • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant
scheme investing Fund Manager-Equity) Fund Manager-Equity)
predominantly in equity and • Mr. Kaustubh Sule (Fund Manager- • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Fund Manager-
equity related instruments) Fixed Income) Equity
• Mr. Kaustubh Sule (Fund Manager-
Fixed Income)
For details pertaining to age, qualification and brief experience of these Fund Managers/ Key Personnel, please refer the
SAI of the Fund available at https://growwmf.in.

=== S01-059 | page 41 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Relevant details of the aforesaid Fund Managers (wherever applicable) shall also be inserted in the section ‘Who Manages
the Scheme?’ in the SID and KIM of the scheme(s) of the Fund.
This Notice cum addendum forms an integral part of the SAI, SID and KIM of scheme (s). All other terms and conditions
as mentioned in SAI, SID and KIM of scheme(s) shall remain unchanged.
As per the Go Green Initiative, investors are encouraged to register/update their email id and mobile number with us to
support paper less communications.
For Groww Asset Management Ltd.
Investment Manager to Groww Mutual Fund
Sd/-
Place: Mumbai
Authorised Signatory
Date: January 19, 2026
MUTUAL FUND INVESTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO MARKET RISKS, READ ALL SCHEME RELATED
DOCUMENTS CAREFULLY.

=== S01-060 | page 43 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Additionally, fresh subscription shall be discontinued in the Monthly, Quarterly, Half – yearly frequency in the IDCW
Options having IDCW Re-investment Facility and IDCW Pay-out Facility of both Direct and Regular plans in the
following schemes of the Fund from the effective date:
Sr. no. Scheme(s) Name
1. Groww Large cap Fund
2. Groww Value Fund
3. Groww Aggressive Hybrid Fund
Investors are requested to note that, the above facility(ies) are discontinued through all modes such as Lump Sum mode
(including Switches) and fresh registration of Systematic Investment Plan (SIP) and/or Systematic Transfer Plan (STP)
registration, special products/features like IDCW sweep facility in the aforementioned schemes from the effective date.
The AMC shall continue processing the existing instalments of SIP/STP/ other
systematic transaction /special facility subject to the conditions specified in the SIDs of
the aforesaid schemes, registered prior to the effective date.
This Notice cum addendum forms an integral part of the SID and KIM of the aforesaid scheme(s). All other terms and
conditions as mentioned in SID and KIM of the scheme(s) shall remain unchanged.
As per the Go Green Initiative, investors are encouraged to register/update their email id and mobile number with us to
support paper less communications.
For Groww Asset Management Ltd.
Investment Manager to Groww Mutual Fund
Sd/-
Place: Mumbai
Authorised Signatory
Date: June 29, 2026
MUTUAL FUND INVESTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO MARKET RISKS, READ ALL SCHEME RELATED
DOCUMENTS CAREFULLY.

