=== S05-001 | page 1 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
SCHEME INFORMATION DOCUMENT
GROWW LARGE CAP FUND
(Large Cap Fund- An open ended equity scheme predominantly investing in large cap stocks)
This product is suitable for Scheme Riskometer Benchmark Riskometer
investors who are seeking*:
As per AMFI Tier I Benchmark -
• Capital appreciation over NIFTY 100 - TRI
long-term
• A portfolio that is invested
predominantly in equity and
equity-related securities of
blue-chip large-cap
companies.
Scheme Risk-o-meter is at Very High Benchmark Risk-o-meter is at Very High
Risk Risk
*Investors should consult their financial advisers if in doubt about whether the product is suitable for them.
Continuous offer for Units at NAV based prices
Name of Mutual Fund Groww Mutual Fund
Groww Asset Management Limited (CIN:
U65991KA2008PLC180894)
Registered Office: Vaishnavi Tech Park, South Tower, 3rd Floor,
Name of Asset Management Company
Survey No.16/1 and 17/2, Ambalipura Village, Varthur Hobli,
Bellandur, Bangalore South, Bangalore- 560103, Karnataka,
India
Groww Trustee Limited (CIN: U65991KA2008PLC183561)
Registered Office: Vaishnavi Tech Park, South Tower, 3rd Floor,
Name of Trustee Name of Trustee Company Survey No.16/1 and 17/2, Ambalipura Village, Varthur Hobli,
Bellandur, Bangalore South, Bangalore- 560103, Karnataka,
India.
505 – 5th Floor, Tower 2B, One World Centre, Near Prabhadevi
Corporate Office Railway Station, Lower Parel, Mumbai – 400013, Maharashtra,
Tele-+91 22 69744435
Website www.growwmf.in
The particulars of the Scheme have been prepared in accordance with the Securities and Exchange
Board of India (Mutual Funds) Regulations 1996, (herein after referred to as SEBI (MF) Regulations)
as amended till date and circulars issued thereunder filed with SEBI, along with a Due Diligence
Certificate from the AMC. The units being offered for public subscription have not been approved or
recommended by SEBI nor has SEBI certified the accuracy or adequacy of the Scheme Information
Document.
1

=== S05-002 | page 3 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE NO.
SECTION I
I. HIGHLIGHTS / SUMMARY OF THE SCHEME 4
II. INFORMATION ABOUT SCHEME 17
A. HOW WILL SCHEME ALLOCATE ITS ASSESTS 17
B. WHERE WILL THE SCHEME INVEST 19
C. WHAT ARE THE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES 19
D. HOW WILL THE SCHEME BENCHMARK ITS PERFORMANCE 25
E. WHO MANAGES THE SCHEME? 25
F. HOW IS THE SCHEME DIFFERENT FROM EXISTING SCHEMES OF THE MUTUAL FUND? 26
G. HOW HAS THE SCHEME PERFORMED 26
H. ADDITIONAL SCHEME RELATED DISCLOSURES 26
III. OTHER DETAILS 28
A. COMPUTATION OF NAV 28
B. NEW FUND OFFER (NFO) EXPENSES 29
C. ANNUAL SCHEME RECURRING EXPENSES 29
D. LOAD STRUCTURE 33
SECTION II. 34
I. INTRODUCTION 34
A. DEFINITION & INTERPRETATION 34
B. RISK FACTORS 34
C. RISK MITIGATION STRATEGIES 38
II. INFORMATION ABOUT SCHEME 39
A. WHERE WILL THE SCHEME INVEST? 39
B. WHAT ARE THE INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS? 42
C. FUNDAMENTAL ATTRIBUTES 47
D. INDEX METHODOLOGY (FOR INDEX FUNDS, ETFS AND FOFS HAVING ONE UNDERLYING 48
DOMESTIC ETF)
E. PRINCIPLES OF INCENTIVE STRUCTURE FOR MARKET MAKERS (FOR ETFS) 48
F. FLOORS AND CEILING WITHIN A RANGE OF 5% OF THE INTENDED ALLOCATION AGAINST EACH 48
SUB CLASS OF ASSET
G. OTHER SCHEME SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES 48
III. OTHER DETAILS 58
A. IN CASE OF FUND OF FUNDS SCHEME, DETAILS OF BENCHMARK, INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE, 58
INVESTMENT STRATEGY, TER, AUM, YEAR WISE PERFORMANCE, TOP 10 HOLDING/ LINK TO
TOP 10 HOLDING OF THE UNDERLYING FUND SHOULD BE PROVIDED
B. PERIODIC DISCLOSURES SUCH AS HALF YEARLY DISCLOSURES, HALF YEARLY RESULTS, 58
ANNUAL REPORT
C. TRANSPARENCY/NAV DISCLOSURE 59
D. TRANSACTION CHARGES AND STAMP DUTY 59
E. ASSOCIATE TRANSACTIONS 59
F. TAXATION 59
G. RIGHTS OF UNITHOLDERS 62
H. LIST OF OFFICIAL POINTS OF ACCEPTANCE 62
I. PENALTIES, PENDING LITIGATION OR PROCEEDINGS, FINDINGS OF INSPECTIONS OR 62
INVESTIGATIONS FOR WHICH ACTION MAY HAVE BEEN TAKEN OR IS IN THE PROCESS OF
BEING TAKEN BY ANY REGULATORY AUTHORITY
3

=== S05-003 | page 4 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
SECTION I
Part I. HIGHLIGHTS/SUMMARY OF THE SCHEME
Sr. No. Title Description
I. Name of the scheme Groww Large Cap Fund
II. Category of the Large Cap Fund
Scheme
III. Scheme type An open ended equity scheme predominantly investing in large cap stocks.
IV. Scheme code INDB/O/E/LCF/11/11/0002
V. Investment objective The primary investment objective of the Scheme is to seek to provide long-term
capital appreciation from a portfolio that is invested predominantly in equity and
equity-related securities of blue-chip large-cap companies.
However there can be no assurance that the investment objective of the scheme will
be achieved.
VI. Liquidity Units may be purchased or redeemed at NAV related prices, subject to applicable
Loads (if any), on every Business Day on an ongoing basis, commencing not later
than 5 (five) Business Days from the date of allotment. The Mutual Fund will
endeavor to dispatch Redemption proceeds within 03 Working Days from the date
of acceptance of Redemption request.
Since units of the Scheme will be offered for subscription and redemption at NAV
based prices on all Business Days on an ongoing basis providing the required
Listing details
liquidity to investors, units of the Scheme are not proposed to be listed on any stock
exchange. However, the Trustee reserves the right to list the units of the Scheme
on any stock exchange(s) at its sole discretion at a later date.
VII. Benchmark (TRI) As per AMFI Tier I benchmark : NIFTY 100 – TRI
The Trustees reserve the right to change the benchmark in future if a benchmark
better suited to the investment objective of the Scheme is available.
VIII. NAV disclosure The AMC will calculate the NAVs for all the Business Days. The Asset Management
Company (“AMC”) shall update the NAVs on the website of Association of Mutual
Funds in India (“AMFI”) (www.amfiindia.com) by 11.00 p.m. every Business Day.
The NAV shall also be available on AMC website (https://www.growwmf.in/nav).
Further Details in Section II.
IX. Applicable timelines Timeline for
Dispatch of redemption proceeds:
The redemption or repurchase proceeds shall be dispatched to the unitholders
within 03 working days from the date of redemption or repurchase.
• Dispatch of IDCW:
The IDCW warrants shall be dispatched to the unitholders within 07 working days
from the record date.
4

=== S05-004 | page 5 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
In case of Unit holders having a bank account with certain banks with which the
Mutual Fund would have an arrangement from time to time, the IDCW proceeds
shall be electronically credited to their account.
In case of specific request for IDCW by warrants/cheques/demand drafts or
unavailability of sufficient details with the Fund, the IDCW will be paid by
warrant/cheques/demand drafts and payments will be made in favour of the
unitholder (registered holder of the Unit or, if there are more than one registered
holder, only to the first registered holder) with bank account number furnished to
the Fund.
• Please note that it is mandatory for the unitholders to provide the bank account
details as per SEBI guidelines.
X. Plans and Options Plans: The Scheme offers following two plans for investment into the Scheme:
Plans/Options and sub
options under the A. Direct Plan: This Plan is suitable for investors who wish to invest directly in the
scheme without routing their investment through any distributor.The Direct Plan
Scheme
shall have lower expense ratio compared to the Regular Plan and no commission
shall be paid out of the Direct Plan.
B. Regular Plan: This Plan is suitable for investors who wish to invest in the Scheme
through any distributor. This Plan shall have higher expense ratio compared to the
Direct Plan and distributor commission may be paid out of this Plan.
The Direct Plan and Regular Plan shall have separate NAVs. However, there will be
a common portfolio for both plans. The various options available under the Direct
Plan and Regular Plan and the salient features common to both plans are given below:
Uniform disclosure on treatment of applications under "Direct"/ "Regular"
Plans:
Scenario Broker Code Plan mentioned by Default Plan to
mentioned by the the investor be captured
investor
1 Not mentioned Not mentioned Direct Plan
2 Not mentioned Direct Direct Plan
3 Not mentioned Regular Direct Plan
4 Mentioned Direct Direct Plan
5 Direct Not Mentioned Direct Plan
6 Direct Regular Direct Plan
7 Mentioned Regular Regular Plan
8 Mentioned Not Mentioned Regular Plan
For detailed disclosure on default plans and options, kindly refer SAI.
5

=== S05-005 | page 6 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
XI. Load Structure Exit: 1% if redeemed/switched out within 7 Days from the date of allotment.
Nil - if redeemed/switched out after 7 Days from the date of allotment.
XII. Minimum During NFO: The scheme has already been launched
Application
Amount/switch On continuous basis:
in Rs. 500 and in multiples of Re. 1/- thereafter
Rs. 500 and in multiples of Re. 1/- thereafter (For Systematic Investment Plan (SIP))
Minimum Balance Requirements
There is no requirement of minimum balance.
XIII. Minimum Rs. 500 and in multiples of Re. 1/- thereafter.
Additional
Purchase
Amount
XIV. Minimum The minimum redemption amount for all plans will be Rs.500/- and in multiples of
Redemption/sw Re.1/-
itch out amount
XV. New Fund The Scheme has already been launched. The date of inception is February 10, 2012
Offer Period
XVI. New Fund The Scheme has already been launched
Offer Price
XVII. Segregated The provisions wrt segregated portfolio/side pocketing have not been included in the
portfolio/side SID
pocketing
disclosure
XVIII Swing pricing Not applicable since it is an Equity Scheme
disclosure
XIX. Stock The AMC will follow regulatory restrictions as may be prescribed in carrying on the
lending/short activities of Stock lending. Such lent stock, while they are on-lending, will not be
selling available for sale, and this can result in temporary illiquidity.
The Fund Manager may engage in Stock Lending as per following limits:
• Not more than 20% of the net assets of the Scheme can generally be deployed in
Stock Lending.
• Not more than 5% of the net assets of the Scheme can generally be deployed in
Stock Lending to any single counter party.
XX. How to Apply Investors may obtain Key Information Memorandum (KIM) along with the application
& Other details forms from the AMC offices or Customer Service Centers of the Registrar or may be
downloaded from https://www.growwmf.in/downloads/kim . Please refer to the SAI
and Application Form for the instructions.
6

=== S05-006 | page 8 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
The complaints will closely be followed up with KFin Technologies Limited by the
AMC to ensure timely redressal and prompt investor service.
KFin Technologies Ltd.
Selenium,Tower B,
Plot number 31 & 32,
Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad- 500032.
The investors are further requested to take note that, pursuant to SEBI Circular no.
SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-1/P/CIR/2023/145 dated July 31, 2023, read along with
circular dated August 04, 2023, a common Online Dispute Resolution Portal (“ODR
Portal”) has been introduced to provide investors / unit holders with a mechanism to
redress their grievances.
The ODR Portal allows investors / unitholders with additional mechanism to resolve
the grievances through online conciliation and online arbitration. The link to access
ODR Portal is https://smartodr.in/login
XXII.I Specific attribute It is an open-ended Large Cap Fund, hence not applicable
of the scheme
(such as lock in,
duration in case
of target maturity
scheme/close
ended schemes)
(as applicable)
XXIV. Special The Special Products / Facilities available under the Scheme, are:
product/facility i Systematic Investment Plan [SIP]
available during ii Systematic Transfer Plan[STP]
iii Systematic Withdrawal Plan[SWP]
the NFO and on
iv IDCW Sweep Facility
ongoing basis
v Transactions by Email
vi Transactions through Electronic Mode
vii K-TRACK’ for transaction in the units of Groww Mutual Fund towards
additional purchase, redemption or switch
viii Transactions through Stock Exchange Platform for Mutual Funds
ix Transactions Through MF Utility ("MFU"):
x Registration of Multiple Bank Accounts in respect of an Investor Folio
xi MF Central as Official Point of Acceptance of Transactions (OPAT)
Systematic Investment Plan (SIP):
This facility enables investors to save and invest periodically over a longer period of
time. It is a convenient way to “invest as you earn” and affords the investor an
opportunity to enter the market regularly, thus averaging the acquisition cost of Units.
SIP Frequency:
SIP Installments and Amount –
Daily – Rs. 100 and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter
Weekly – Rs. 100 and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter
Monthly – Rs. 500 and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter
8

=== S05-007 | page 9 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Quarterly - Rs. 500 and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter
Minimum No. of SIP instalments:
Minimum number of installments for each frequency are -
Daily – 180 instalments
Weekly – 24 instalments
Monthly - 12 instalments
Quarterly – 4 instalments
Frequency / Date:
Daily - Every business day
Weekly - 1, 8, 15 & 22
Monthly - Any day between 1st and 28th of the month
Quarterly - Any day between 1st and 28th of the quarter
(In case any of these days fall on a non-business day, the transaction will be
effected on the next business day of the Scheme).
Registration period: There must be at least 30 days between the first SIP cheque
and subsequent due date of Auto Debit [NACH clearing];
In case of the auto debit facility, the default options (where auto debit period,
frequency and SIP date are not indicated) will be as follows:
• SIP auto debit period: The SIP auto debit will continue till 5 years.
• SIP date: 15th of the month (commencing 30 days after the first SIP instalment
date); and
• SIP frequency: Monthly
The load structure prevailing at the time of submission of the SIP application
[whether fresh or extension] will apply for all the instalments indicated in such
application;
All the cheques/ payment instructions [including the first cheque/payment
instruction] shall be of equal amounts in case of SIP applications;
Investors may also choose to invest any lump sum amount along with the first SIP
instalment by way of a single cheque/ payment instruction.
Investors will have the right to discontinue the SIP facility at any time by sending a
written request to any of the Official Point(s) of Acceptance. Notice of such
discontinuance should be received at least 30 days prior to the due date of the next
debit. On receipt of such request, the SIP facility will be terminated. It is clarified
that if the Fund fails to get the proceeds for three consecutive Instalments out of a
continuous series of Instalments submitted at the time of initiating a SIP), the AMC
reserves the right to discontinue the SIP.
Systematic Transfer Plan (STP)
This facility enables unitholders to transfer a fixed specified amount from one
open-ended scheme of the Fund (source scheme) to another open-ended scheme of
the Fund (target scheme), in existence at the time of availing the facility of STP, at
applicable NAV, subject to the minimum investment criteria of the target scheme.

=== S05-008 | page 9 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
This facility enables unitholders to transfer a fixed specified amount from one
open-ended scheme of the Fund (source scheme) to another open-ended scheme of
the Fund (target scheme), in existence at the time of availing the facility of STP, at
applicable NAV, subject to the minimum investment criteria of the target scheme.
Investors can opt for the Systematic Transfer Plan by investing a lump sum amount
in one scheme of the fund and providing a standing instruction to transfer sums at
regular intervals. Investors could also opt for STP from an existing account by
quoting their account / folio number. However, units marked under lien or pledged
in the source scheme shall not be eligible for STP.
The conditions for investing in STP will be as follows:
STP Frequency : Daily, Weekly, Monthly and Quarterly;
9

=== S05-009 | page 11 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Registration period: A minimum period of 7 calendar days shall be required for
registration under SWP.
The default options (where the period, frequency and SWP date are not indicated)
will be as follows:
• SWP period: The SWP will continue till 5 years.
• SWP frequency : Monthly
• SWP date: 15th of every month.
If 15th is a holiday, the SWP will be processed on the next business day.
Unit holder may change the amount (but not below the minimum specified amount)
/ frequency by giving written notice to any of the Official Point(s) of Acceptance at
least 8 calendar days prior to next SWP execution date.
The SWP may be terminated on a written notice of 8 calendar days by a unitholder
of the Scheme. SWP will be automatically terminated if all units are liquidated or
withdrawn from the Scheme or pledged or upon receipt of intimation of death of
the unitholder.
IDCW Sweep Facility
IDCW Sweep facility shall be in addition to the existing IDCW Payout and IDCW
Reinvestment Option. Default IDCW Option shall be IDCW Payout.
Under IDCW Sweep Facility, Unitholders can opt for switching the IDCW earned
under any Schemes (Source Scheme) of Groww Mutual Fund into any other Schemes
(Target Scheme) of Groww Mutual Fund . The IDCW (net of applicable DDT, if any)
shall be swept subject to minimum investment eligibility requirements of the Target
Scheme at applicable NAV based prices.
The minimum amount for sweep out to be Rs. 500/-. In case the sweep amount is less
than Rs. 500/-, the IDCW amount shall be reinvested in the Source scheme. This
facility shall be processed on the record date of the IDCW declared under the Source
Scheme. Further, this facility shall not allow for switch of partial IDCW or switch of
IDCW to multiple schemes. In case the investor fails to specify his preference of
Option for the Target scheme into which the IDCW has to be swept, Sweep-in amount
shall be special facility (ies) at a later date subject to prevailing SEBI Guidelines and
Regulations.
Transactions by Email:
In order to facilitate quick processing of transaction and / or instruction of investment
of investor the Mutual Fund / AMC / Trustee may (at its sole discretion and without
being obliged in any manner to do so and without being responsible and /or liable in
any manner whatsoever), accept and process any application, supporting documents
and /or instructions submitted by an investor/ Unit holder by email

=== S05-010 | page 13 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
The key features of MFU are:
1. Investors will be required to obtain Common Account Number ("CAN") for
transacting through MFU.
2. Investors can create a CAN by submitting the CAN Registration Form (CRF)and
necessary documents at the Point of Service (POS) of MFUI. The AMC and/ or
CAMS, Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA) of the Fund shall provide necessary
details to MFUI as may be needed for providing the required services to investors /
distributors through MFU.
3. Investors will be allotted a CAN, a single reference number for all investments
across Mutual Funds, for transacting in multiple Schemes of various Mutual Funds
through MFU and to map existing folios, if any.
4. Currently, the transactions facilitated through MFU for the investors are:
(i) CAN registration;
(ii) Submission of documents to KRAs for KYC Registration;
(iii) Financial transactions like Purchases, Redemptions and Switches, Registration of
Systematic Transactions like Systematic Investments (SIP) using a single Mandate,
Systematic Withdrawals (SWP) and Systematic Transfers (STP);
(iv) Non-financial transactions (NFT) like Bank Account changes, facilitating change
of address through KRAs etc. based on duly signed written requests from the Investors.
5. The CRF and other relevant forms for transacting through MFU can be downloaded
from MFUI website at www.mfuindia.com or can be obtained from MFUI POS.
6. Investors transacting through MFU shall be deemed to have consented to exchange
of information viz. personal and / or financial (including the changes, if any) between
the Fund / AMC and MFUI and / or its authorized service providers for validation and
processing of transactions carried out through MFU.
7. For details on carrying out the transactions through MFU or any queries or
clarifications related to MFU, investors are requested to contact the Customer Care of
MFUI on 1800-266-1415 (during the business hours on all days except Sunday and
Public Holidays) or send an email to clientservices@mfuindia.com. Investors of the
Fund can also get in touch with Investor Service Centres (ISCs) of the AMC to know
more about MFU.
8. For any escalations and post-transaction queries pertaining to Scheme(s) of the
Fund, the Investors are requested to get in touch with the ISCs of the AMC.
The transactions carried out through MFU shall be subject to the terms & conditions
as may be stipulated by MFUI / Fund / the AMC from time to time. The terms &
conditions of offering of the Scheme(s) of the Fund as specified in the Scheme
Information Document (SID), Key Information Memorandum ('KIM') and Statement

=== S05-011 | page 19 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
8. ADRs / GDRs as permitted by Reserve Bank of India and Securities and Exchange Board of India
Subject to the Regulations, the securities mentioned above could be listed, unlisted, privately
placed, secured, unsecured, rated or unrated and of varying maturity. The securities may be
acquired through New Fund Offerings (NFOs), secondary market operations, private placement,
rights offers (including renunciation) or negotiated deals. The Scheme may also enter into
repurchase and reverse repurchase obligations in all securities held by it as per the guidelines and
regulations applicable to such transactions.
C. WHAT ARE THE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES?
Under normal market conditions, the Scheme would invest predominantly in a diversified
portfolio constituting equity and equity related instruments of companies that the Fund Manager
believes have sustainable business models, and potential for capital appreciation.
19

=== S05-012 | page 20 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
The corpus of the Scheme will be invested predominantly in blue chip – large cap stocks and/ or
in exchange traded derivatives on the S&P CNX Nifty Index or such blue chip stocks. 0-20% of
the net assets will be invested in securities other than blue chip large caps. A very small portion
of the fund will be kept liquid. The Scheme may also use various derivatives and hedging products
from time to time, as would be available and permitted by SEBI, in an attempt to protect the value
of the portfolio and enhance Unitholders’ interest. Large Cap companies shall consist of
investment universe which are within 1st-100th company in terms of full market capitalization.
The fund shall adopt the list of stocks prepared by AMFI based on SEBI defined parameters.
AMFI is mandated to update such list once in 6 months. The fund shall rebalance the portfolio (if
required) in line with updated list, within a period of one month.
The investment environment, valuation parameters and other investment criteria will determine
the allocation and the investment style. The Fund Manager would follow a top down approach to
shortlist stocks for portfolio construction. Under the top down process the Fund Manager would
look at the global and Indian economy and the domestic policy environment and stock valuations.
This would result in identification of themes which have a potential to outperform. The final stock
selection process would be a bottoms-up process wherein stocks from the short listed themes
would be picked up based on valuations.
Under normal market conditions and depending on the Fund Manager’s views, the assets of the
Scheme would be invested across stocks that represent a broad range of sectors of the economy
in order to ensure adequate portfolio diversification.
Corporate Action / Event Driven Strategies
a. IDCW Arbitrage
At the time of declaration of IDCW, the stock futures / options market can provide a profitable
opportunity. Generally, the stock prices decline by the IDCW amount when the stock becomes ex-
IDCW.
b. Buy-Back / Open Offer Arbitrage
When the Company announces the buy-back or open offer of its own shares, there could be
opportunities due to price differential in buyback price and traded price.
c. Merger
When the Company announces any merger, amalgamation, hive off, de-merger, etc, there could be
opportunities due to price differential in the cash and the derivative market.
Derivative Strategies
A derivative is a financial instrument whose value depends on other, more basic, underlying variables

=== S05-013 | page 20 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
c. Merger
When the Company announces any merger, amalgamation, hive off, de-merger, etc, there could be
opportunities due to price differential in the cash and the derivative market.
Derivative Strategies
A derivative is a financial instrument whose value depends on other, more basic, underlying variables
likes stock or commodity, any kind of economical index. A derivative is essentially a contract whose
payoff depends on the behavior of some benchmark. The derivatives shall be marked-to-market by the
Investment Manager at all times. Transactions in derivatives include a wide range of instruments,
including, but not limited to futures, options, swaps, and interest rate swaps, forward rate agreements
and any other instrument as may be permitted by SEBI/RBI from time to time.
Derivatives may be used for hedging and portfolio balancing purposes or such other purpose as may be
permitted by SEBI/RBI from time to time, to seek to optimise performance in the Scheme and will be
subject to applicable Regulations of SEBI/RBI from time to time. Trading is permitted only in
exchange-traded derivatives. Derivative markets in India are now fairly liquid with daily average
20

=== S05-014 | page 21 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
the Scheme ((5525–5425) * 100 * 50) plus the interest earned on the 90%deployed in cash equivalents.
The profit or loss for the Scheme will be the difference between the closing price (which can be higher
or lower than the purchase price) and the purchase price.
Strategies that employ index futures and their objectives:
(a) The fund has an existing equity portion invested in a basket of stocks. In case the fund manager has
a view that the equity markets are headed downwards, the fund can then hedge the exposure to equity
either fully or partially by initiating short positions in the Index futures.
(b) A similar position in the long direction can also be initiated by the fund to hedge its position of cash
and permissible equivalents. Considering that Derivative market is more liquid than Cash market, fund
manager can also use it to take exposure to equities and then build the cash market positions over time.
The extent to which this can be done is determined by guidelines issued by SEBI from time to time.
Risk associated with this strategy:
1. Lack of opportunities available in the market
2. Inability of the derivatives to correlate perfectly with underlying indices
21

=== S05-015 | page 24 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
b) Put Option (Buy): The fund buys a Put Option at Rs 1000 with the underlying security trading at
Rs. 1000 by paying a premium of say Rs. 50. If the stock price goes down to Rs. 900, the fund would
protect its downside and would only have to bear the premium of Rs 50 instead of a loss of Rs 100
whereas if the stock price moves up to say Rs.1100 the fund may let the Option expire and forego
the premium thereby capturing Rs. 100 upside in the underlying security held by the Fund.
Risk associated with this strategy:
• Lack of opportunities available in the market
• Inability of the derivatives to correlate perfectly with underlying security
• Execution risk, whereby the rates seen on the screen may not be the rates at which the ultimate
execution takes place.
The above option positions can be initiated in both index based options as well as stock specific options.
Risk associated with this strategy:
• Lack of opportunities available in the market
• Inability of the derivatives to correlate perfectly with underlying security
• Execution risk, whereby the rates seen on the screen may not be the rates at which the ultimate
execution takes place.
Any Notifications, Guidelines and circulars introduced by SEBI on derivatives from time to time
shall automatically apply and forms part of the Scheme Information Documents
Portfolio Turnover
Portfolio turnover is the aggregate volume of purchases and sales as a percentage of the corpus of the
Scheme during a specified period of time. The portfolio turnover in the Scheme will be a function of
inflows, outflows as well as market opportunities available to the Fund Manager. Consequently, it is
difficult to estimate with any reasonable measure of accuracy, the likely turnover in the portfolios. It
will be the endeavor of the Fund Manager to keep the portfolio turnover rates as low as possible. Active
asset allocation would impact portfolio turnover. There may be trading opportunities that present
themselves from time to time, where in the opinion of the fund manager, there is an opportunity to
enhance the total returns of the portfolio. The fund manager will endeavor to balance the increased cost
on account of higher portfolio turnover, if any, with benefits likely to be derived from such an approach.
Borrowing & Lending by the Fund
The Scheme may borrow monies to meet temporary liquidity requirements for the purpose of

=== S05-016 | page 24 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
enhance the total returns of the portfolio. The fund manager will endeavor to balance the increased cost
on account of higher portfolio turnover, if any, with benefits likely to be derived from such an approach.
Borrowing & Lending by the Fund
The Scheme may borrow monies to meet temporary liquidity requirements for the purpose of
repurchase or redemption of Units or the payment of interest or IDCW to the Unit holders. However,
such borrowing shall be restricted to 20% of the net assets of the Scheme and for a maximum period of
six months. The limit of 20% may be revised by the Fund and to the extent the Regulations may permit.
The Fund may raise such borrowings, secured or unsecured, from any person or entity as it may deem
fit, including Sponsor or Shareholders of any of their associate / group / affiliate entities or banks, after
approval by the Trustee, at market related rates.
Stock Lending by the Fund
Stock Lending involves lending of securities to another person or entity for a fixed period of time, at a
negotiated compensation in order to enhance returns of the portfolio. The Trustee may permit the Fund
to engage in Stock Lending only if permitted under and in line with the prevailing securities lending
Regulations. The Fund can temporarily lend, through an approved intermediary, securities held by the
Scheme to reputed counterparties, for a fee, subject to internal norms, if any. This would enable
24

=== S05-017 | page 25 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
generating better returns on those securities, which are otherwise bought with the intention of holding
the same for a longer period of time. The securities lent will be returned by the borrower on the expiry
of the stipulated period or the lender can call the same back before its expiry.
The AMC will follow regulatory restrictions as may be prescribed in carrying on the activities of Stock
lending. Such lent stock, while they are on-lending, will not be available for sale, and this can result in
temporary illiquidity.
The Fund Manager may engage in Stock Lending as per following limits:
• Not more than 20% of the net assets of the Scheme can generally be deployed in Stock Lending.
• Not more than 5% of the net assets of the Scheme can generally be deployed in Stock Lending to any
single counter party.
D. HOW WILL THE SCHEME BENCHMARK ITS PERFORMANCE?
The benchmark of the scheme is NIFTY 100 – TRI
The AMC and the Trustee may mutually agree to change the benchmark index or select an additional
benchmark index after recording reasons for such change and by following required regulatory
process.
E. WHO MANAGES THE SCHEME?
Details of the Fund Manager’s experience and qualifications are as under:
Fund Manager Tenure of managing the Scheme
Mr. Anupam Tiwari Managing Fund since May 11, 2023
Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee Managing Fund since Sept 24, 2025
Name of the Age Education Experience Other Schemes managed
Fund Qualification by the Fund Manager
Manager
Mr. Anupam 46 CA Mr. Anupam brings 18 years of • Groww Value Fund
Tiwari years extensive experience in the • Groww Aggressive
Mutual Fund Industry, having Hybrid Fund
served as an Equity Analyst at • Groww Banking &
Reliance Mutual Fund for 5 Financial Services Fund
years. He then held roles as an
• Groww Multicap Fund
Equity Fund Manager at
• Groww Large cap Fund
Reliance Life Insurance
The above mentioned
Company, Principal at PNB
details include name of this
Asset Management Company,
Scheme
and Axis Asset Management
Company in his most recent
assignment prior to joining
Groww Asset Management
Limited.
Mr. Saptarshee 32 • CFA Level Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee has 8 • Groww Aggressive
Chatterjee years 3 passed years of overall experience as an Hybrid Fund
• PGDM analyst. Prior to joining GMF, he • Groww Banking &
(Finance) was associated with Centrum Finanical Services Fund
25

=== S05-018 | page 26 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
from IIM Wealth Management Limited & • Groww Value Fund
Indore Edelweiss Financial Services • Groww Multicap Fund
BE (E.T.C.E) Limited. • Groww Large Cap Fund
The above mentioned
details include name of this
Scheme
F. HOW IS THE SCHEME DIFFERENT FROM EXISTING SCHEMES OF THE MUTUAL
FUND?
For detailed comparative table of the aforesaid schemes, please click here
https://www.growwmf.in/downloads/sid
G. HOW HAS THE SCHEME PERFORMED (if applicable)
Compounded Scheme Returns Scheme Returns Benchmark
Annualised Returns % (Regular Plan) % (Direct Plan) Returns %
Returns for last 1 year -4.77 -3.48 -4.81
Returns for last 3 year 14.63 16.16 14.40
Returns for last 5 year 16.36 17.95 18.64
Returns since
inception 11.22 13.08 13.60
Groww Large Cap Fund
80.00
60.00
40.00
20.00
0.00
FY 20-21 FY 21-22 FY 22-23 FY 23-24 FY 24-25 Apr25-Sep25
-20.00
Regular Plan Direct Plan NIFTY100 - TRI
Absolute Returns for each Financial year for the last 5 years
H. ADDITIONAL SCHEME RELATED DISCLOSURES
i. i. Scheme’s portfolio holdings (top 10 holdings by issuer and fund allocation towards various sectors-
https://www.growwmf.in/downloads/fact-sheet
ii. Disclosure of name and exposure to Top 7 issuers, stocks, groups and sectors as a percentage of NAV
of the scheme in case of debt and equity ETFs/index funds through a functional website link that
contains detailed description - NA
iii. Functional website link for Portfolio Disclosure - https://growwmf.in/statutory-disclosure/portfolio and
https://growwmf.in/financials/half-yearly-unaudited-financials-&-portfolio
iv. Portfolio Turnover : 1.92
v. Aggregate investment in the Scheme by:
26

=== S05-019 | page 27 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Sr. No. Category of Persons Net Value Market Value (in
Rs.)
1. Concerned scheme’s Fund Manager(s) Units NAV per unit 29,64,326.61
57,705.40 51.37
For any other disclosure w.r.t investments by key personnel and AMC directors including regulatory
provisions in this regard kindly refer SAI.
Subject to the Regulations, the AMC may invest either directly or indirectly, in the Scheme during the
NFO and/or Ongoing Offer Period. However, the AMC shall not charge any investment management
fee on such investment in the Scheme.
Please refer to https://www.growwmf.in/statutory-disclosure/alignment-of-interest for details
27

=== S05-020 | page 28 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
PART III- OTHER DETAILS
A. COMPUTATION OF NAV
The Net Asset Value (NAV) of a mutual fund is the price at which units of a mutual fund are bought or
sold. It is the market value of the fund after deducting its liabilities. The value of all units of a mutual
fund portfolio are calculated on a daily basis, from this all expenses are then subtracted. The result is
then divided by the total number of units the resultant value is the NAV. NAV is also sometimes referred
to as Net Book Value or book Value.
Calculation of NAV Mutual fund assets usually fall under two categories – securities & cash. Securities,
here, include both bonds and stocks. Therefore, the total asset value of a fund will include its stocks,
cash and bonds at market value. IDCWs and interest accrued and liquid assets are also included in total
assets. Also, liabilities like money owed to creditors, and other expenses accrued are also included.
The Mutual Fund will value its investments according to the valuation norms, as specified in Schedule
VIII of the SEBI (MF) Regulations, or such norms as may be specified by SEBI from time to time.
Formula to calculate Net Asset Value (NAV) = (Assets – Debts) / (Number of Outstanding
units)
Here: Assets = Market value of mutual fund investments + Receivables + Accrued Income
Debts =Liabilities + Expenses (accrued) the market value of the stocks & debentures.
The NAV shall be calculated up to two decimal places. However the AMC reserves the right to
declare the NAVs up to additional decimal places as it deems appropriate. Separate NAV will be
calculated and disclosed for each Option. The NAVs of the Growth Option and the IDCW Option will
be different after the declaration of the first IDCW.
The AMC will calculate and disclose the first NAV of the Scheme within a period of 5 business days
from the date of allotment. Subsequently, the NAVs will be calculated for all the Business Days.
Rounding off policy for NAV:
For this Scheme, NAV will be declared upto two decimal places & the second decimal will be
rounded off to the next higher digit if the third decimal is or more than 5 i.e., if the NAV is 10.137 it
will be rounded off to 10.14.
However, there can be no assurance that the investment objective of the scheme will be achieved.
Sale Price:

=== S05-021 | page 29 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Investment of Investor A = Investment Amount / Sale Price
= 5,000 / 15
= 333.3333 units
This means investor A will be allocated 333.3333 units of Mutual Fund Scheme XYZ.
Repurchase Price:
Repurchase price is a price at which fund house repurchases the mutual fund units backfrom the
investor. For investor who wants to redeem his mutual fund units, the units are repurchased at
respective scheme NAV less Exit Load (If Applicable)
For Example - If Mutual Fund Scheme XYZ is having NAV of Rs. 15 & Exit Load of 1% then the
repurchase price would be calculated as follow:
Repurchase Price = NAV *(1- Exit Load %)
= 15 *(1-0.01)
= 14.8500
This means the investor will realise Rs. 14.8500 per unit if he redeems from Mutual Fund Scheme
XYZ.
In case of no exit load the NAV &repurchase price are same.
The repurchase price of an open ended scheme shall not be lower than 95% of the NAV.
For other details such as policies w.r.t computation of NAV, rounding off, investment in foreign
securities, procedure in case of delay in disclosure of NAV etc. refer to SAI
B. NEW FUND OFFER (NFO) EXPENSES
These expenses are incurred for the purpose of various activities related to the NFO like sale and
distribution fees paid, marketing and advertising, registrar expenses, printing and stationery, bank
charges etc. NFO expenses was borne by the AMC.
C. ANNUAL SCHEME RECURRING EXPENSES
As per SEBI (MF) Regulations, 1996, recurring expenses will not exceed 2.25% of the Scheme’s daily
net assets:
The total fees and expenses for operating the scheme as listed hereunder would be 2.25% of the daily
net assets which includes expenses towards management fees, commission, marketing expense and
other expense relating to operating the scheme.
Estimated Recurring Expenses:
Expense Head % of daily Net
Assets
Investment Management and Advisory Fees
Trustee fee
29

=== S05-022 | page 30 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Audit fees
Custodian fees
RTA Fees
Marketing & Selling expense incl. agent commission
Cost related to investor communications
Cost of fund transfer from location to location Upto 2.25%
Cost of providing account statements and Income Distribution cum
Capital Withdrawal redemption cheques and warrants
Costs of statutory Advertisements
Cost towards investor education & awareness (as per paragraph
10.1.16 of SEBI Master circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27,
2024) ^
Brokerage & transaction cost over and above 12 bps and 5 bps for
cash and derivative market trades resp. @
Goods & Services Tax/ goods and services tax on expenses other
than investment and advisory fees
Goods & Services Tax/ goods and services tax on brokerage and
transaction cost
Other Expenses
Maximum total expense ratio (TER) permissible under Upto 2.25%
Regulation 52 (6) (c)
Additional expenses under regulation 52 (6A) (c) ** 0.05%
Additional expenses for gross new inflows from specified cities* Upto 0.30%
*SEBI vide its letter no. SEBI/HO/IMD-SEC-3/P/OW/2023/5823/1 dated February 24, 2023, and
AMFI letter dated No. 35P/ MEM-COR/ 85-a/ 2022-23 dated March 02, 2023 has directed AMCs to
keep B-30 incentive structure in abeyance till further notice.
^ In terms of paragraph 10.1.16 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, the
AMC / Mutual Fund shall annually set apart at least 2 basis points (i.e., 0.02%) on daily net assets of
the scheme within the maximum limit of Total Expense Ratio as per Regulation 52 of the SEBI (MF)
Regulations for investor education and awareness initiatives.
**Additional Expenses upto 0.05% of daily net assets as permissible under Regulation 52 (6A) (c) may
be charged by AMC under different heads of expenses mentioned under Regulation 52 (2) and (4) and
more specifically stated in table above.
@ Brokerage and transaction costs incurred for the execution of trades and included in the cost of
investment, not exceeding 0.12 per cent of the value of trades of cash market transactions and 0.05 per
cent of the value of trades of derivative market transactions. Thus, in terms of paragraph 10.1.14 of
SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, it is hereby clarified that the brokerage
and transaction costs incurred for the execution of trades may be capitalized to the extent of 0.12 per
cent of the value of trades of cash market transactions and 0.05 per cent of the value of trades of
derivative market transactions. Any payment towards brokerage and transaction costs (including Goods

=== S05-023 | page 31 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Direct Plan shall have a lower expense ratio excluding distribution expenses, commission, etc and no
commission for distribution of Units will be paid / charged under Direct Plan. All fees and expenses
charged in a direct plan (in percentage terms) under various heads including the investment and advisory
fee shall not exceed the fees and expenses charged under such heads in a regular plan.
The purpose of the above table is to assist the investor in understanding various costs and expenses that
an investor in the Scheme will bear directly or indirectly. These estimates have been made in good faith
as per the information available with AMC based on past experience and are subject to change inter-se.
The total recurring expenses that can be charged to the Scheme will be subject to limits prescribed from
time to time under the SEBI (MF) Regulations.
Annual recurring expenses of the Scheme, (including the investment and advisory fees without any sub
limit) as a % of daily net assets will be subject to following limit:
The AMC shall adhere provisions of SEBI Circular dated October 22, 2018 and various guidelines
specified by SEBI as amended from time to time, with reference to charging of fees and expenses.
Annual recurring expenses of the Scheme, (including the investment and advisory fees without any
sublimit) as a % of daily net assets will be subject to following limit:
First Rs. Next Rs. Next Rs. Next Rs. Next Rs. Next Rs. Balance
500 250 1,250 3,000 5,000 40,000
Crores Crores Crores Crores Crores Crores
2.25% 2.00% 1.75% 1.60% 1.50% TER 1.05%
reduction of
0.05% for
every
increase of
Rs. 5,000
crores or
part thereof
In addition to TER within the limits specified under regulation 52 (6) of the Regulations, towards
investment & advisory fees as specified under regulation 52(2) of the Regulations and/or towards
recurring expenses as specified under 52(4) of the Regulations. However, such additional expenses
will not be charged if exit load is not levied / not applicable to the Scheme.
Additional Distribution Expenses in case of new inflows from specified cities In addition to total
expenses ratio (TER) as specified above, the AMC will charge expenses not exceeding 0.30% of daily
net assets if the new inflows in the Scheme from such cities, as specified by
SEBI from time to time, are at least:
(i) 30% of gross new inflows in the Scheme, or;
(ii) 15% of the average assets under management (year to date) of the Scheme,
whichever is higher.

=== S05-024 | page 32 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
expense. Further, with respect to Goods & Services Tax on other than management and advisory fees:
- Goods & Services Tax on other than investment and advisory fees, if any, shall be borne by the scheme
within the maximum limit of TER as per regulation 52 of the Regulations.
- Goods & Services Tax on exit load, if any, shall be paid out of the exit load proceeds and exit load net
of Goods & Services Tax, if any, shall be credited to the scheme.
- Goods & Services Tax on brokerage and transaction cost paid for asset purchases, if any, shall be within
the limit prescribed under regulation 52 of the Regulations.
For the actual current expenses being charged to the Scheme, the investor should refer to the website
of the mutual fund https://www.growwmf.in/downloads/expense-ratio . Any change proposed to the
current expense ratio will be updated on the website at least three working days prior to the change.
As per the Regulations, the total recurring expenses that can be charged to the Scheme in this Scheme
information document shall be subject to the applicable guidelines. The total recurring expenses of the
32

=== S05-025 | page 33 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Scheme, will, however, be limited to the ceilings as prescribed under Regulation 52(6) of the
Regulations.
D. LOAD STRUCTURE
Exit Load is an amount which is paid by the investor to redeem the units from the scheme. Load amounts
are variable and are subject to change from time to time. For the current applicable structure, please
refer to the website of the AMC (https://www.growwmf.in/downloads/fact-sheet) or may call at (toll
free no 8050180222) or your distributor.
Type of Load Load chargeable (as %age of NAV)
Exit • 1% if redeemed/switched out within 7 days from the date of allotment
• Nil - if redeemed/switched out after 7 days from the date of allotment
Note: The levy of Exit Load in case of switch transactions from Regular Plan to Direct Plan has been
discontinued with effect from April 23, 2025.
33

=== S05-026 | page 36 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
▪ Investments in index futures face the same risk as the investments in a portfolio of shares
representing an index. The extent of loss is the same as in the underlying stocks.
▪ The Scheme bears a risk that it may not be able to correctly forecast future market trends or
the value of assets, indices or other financial or economic factors in establishing derivative
positions for the Scheme.
▪ The risk of loss in trading futures contracts can be substantial, because of the low margin
deposits required, the extremely high degree of leverage involved in futures pricing and the
potential high volatility of the futures markets
▪ There is the possibility that a loss may be sustained by the portfolio as a result of the failure
of another party (usually referred to as the "counter party") to comply with the terms of the
derivatives contract. The counter party may default on a transaction before settlement and
therefore, the Scheme is compelled to negotiate with another counterparty at the then
prevailing (possibly unfavourable) market price.
▪ Derivatives also carry a market liquidity risk where the derivatives cannot be sold (unwound)
at prices that reflect the underlying assets, rates and indices.
▪ Where derivatives are used for hedging, such use may involve a basis risk where the
instrument used as a hedge does not match the movement in the instrument/underlying asset
being hedged. The risk may be inter-related also e.g. interest rate movements can affect equity
prices, which could influence specific issuer/industry assets.
▪ Other risks in using derivatives include the risk of mispricing or improper valuation of
derivatives and the inability of derivatives to correlate perfectly with underlying assets, rates
and indices.
▪ Derivative products are leveraged instruments and can provide disproportionate gains as well
as disproportionate losses to the investor.
▪ Execution of investment strategies depends upon the ability of the fund manager(s) to identify
such opportunities which may not be available at all times. Identification and execution of the
36

=== S05-027 | page 37 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
strategies to be pursued by the fund manager(s) involve uncertainty and decision of fund
manager(s) may not always be profitable. No assurance can be given that the fund manager(s)
will be able to identify or execute such strategies.
▪ The risks associated with the use of derivatives are different from or possibly greater than, the
risks associated with investing directly in securities and other traditional investments.
Risks associated with Securitized Debt:
Domestic securitised debt assets would be in the nature of Mortgage backed securities (MBS)
and Asset backed securities (ABS) with underlying pool of assets and receivables like Housing
Loans, Auto loans and corporate loans. The Securitised debt assets and the underlying asset
classes like housing loans, Auto Loans and Corporate loans have the following risk factors.
• Limited Recourse and Credit Risk: Certificates issued on investment in securitised debt
represent a beneficial interest in the underlying receivables and there is no obligation on the
issuer, seller or the originator in that regard. Defaults on the underlying loan can adversely
affect the pay outs to the investors (i.e. the Scheme) and thereby, adversely affect the NAV of
the Scheme. While it is possible to repossess and sell the underlying asset, various factors can
delay or prevent repossession and the price obtained on sale of such assets may be low.
• Bankruptcy Risk: If the originator of securitised debt instruments in which the Scheme invests
is subject to bankruptcy proceedings and the court in such proceedings concludes that the sale
of the assets from originator to the trust was not a 'true sale', then the Scheme could experience
losses or delays in the payments due. Normally, care is taken in structuring the securitization
transaction so as to minimize the risk of the sale to the trust not being construed as a 'true sale'.
• Risk of Co-mingling: Servicers in a securitization transaction normally deposit all payments
received from the obligors into a collection account. However, there could be a time gap
between collection by a servicer and depositing the same into the collection account. In this
interim period, collections from the loan agreements by the servicer may not be segregated from
other funds of the servicer. If the servicer fails to remit such funds due to investors, investors
in the Scheme may be exposed to a potential loss.
Risks associated with Mortgage Backed Securities (MBS) - Housing Loans
• Prepayment Risk: The fund may receive payment of monthly payouts earlier than scheduled.

=== S05-028 | page 38 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
to comply with the terms of the agreement. Such failure can result in a possible loss of rights
to the collateral, the inability of the approved intermediary to return the securities deposited by
the lender and the possible loss of corporate benefits accruing thereon.
▪ corporate benefits accruing thereon.
C. Risk mitigation strategies
The asset allocation of the Scheme will be steadily monitored and it shall be ensured that
investments are made in accordance with the scheme objective and within the regulatory and
internal investment restrictions prescribed from time to time.
A detailed monitoring process has been designed to identify measure, monitor and manage
portfolio risk. The aim is to have a structured mechanism towards risk management thereby
maximising potential opportunities and minimizing the adverse effects of risk. Effective risk
management is crucial for achieving optimum results. Adequate safeguards would be
incorporated in the portfolio management process. The main instrument for reducing risk is
through diversification across sectors/companies/ securities. The Fund Manager‘s job is to
identify securities which offer higher returns with a lower level of risk. While identifying such
securities, rigorous in-house evaluation would be carried out by the investment team. The front
office system of the AMC has the capability of pre- investment monitoring of investment
restrictions as per SEBI guidelines and various internal limits prescribed from time to time to
facilitate pre-emptive monitoring. Further various risk management tools will be used for
measuring and monitoring portfolio risks.
38

=== S05-029 | page 39 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
II. Information about the scheme:
A. Where will the scheme invest –
i Debt derivative instruments:
Equity and Equity Related Instruments:
The Scheme would invest in stocks constituting the Nifty India Railways PSU Index in the similar
proportion (weightage) as in the Index and endeavour to track the benchmark index.
The Scheme may take derivatives position based on the opportunities available subject to the guidelines
issued by SEBI from time to time and in line with the overall investment objective of the Scheme.
Debt & Money Market Instruments: The Scheme will invest in debt and money market instruments.
It retains the flexibility to invest across all the securities in the debt and money markets.
Debt securities and Money Market Instruments will include but will not be limited to:
A. Securities created and issued by the Central and State Governments as may be permitted by RBI
(including but not limited to coupon bearing bonds, zero coupon bonds and treasury bills).
B. Securities guaranteed by the Central and State Governments (including but not limited to coupon
bearing bonds, zero coupon bonds and treasury bills).
C. Debt securities of domestic Government agencies and statutory bodies, which may or may not
carry a Central/State Government guarantee.
D. Corporate debt (of both public and private sector undertakings).
E. “money market instruments” includes commercial papers, commercial bills, treasury bills,
Government securities having an unexpired maturity up to one year, call or notice money, certificate
of deposit, usance bills, and any other like instruments as specified by the Reserve Bank of India from
time to time; subject to regulatory approvals where applicable.
F. Certificate of Deposits (CDs)
G. Commercial Paper (CPs). A part of the net assets may be invested in the Triparty Repo (TREPS)
or in an alternative investment as may be provided by RBI to meet the liquidity requirements.
H. Any other domestic fixed income securities as permitted by SEBI / RBI from time to time.
I. Any other instruments/securities, which in the opinion of the fund manager would suit the
investment objective of the scheme subject to compliance with extant Regulations.
Derivatives including Index Futures, Stock Futures, Index Options, Stock Options etc. and such
other derivative instruments permitted under Regulations:
The Scheme may invest in derivative for the purpose of portfolio balancing and other purposes as may
be permitted under the Regulations. Equity Derivatives will be used in the form of Index Options, Index
39

=== S05-030 | page 40 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Futures, Stock Options and Stock Futures and other instruments as may be permitted by SEBI.
Derivatives can be either exchange traded or can be over the counter (OTC). Exchange traded
derivatives are listed and traded on stock exchanges whereas OTC derivative transactions are generally
structured between two counterparties. Exposure with respect to derivatives shall be in line with
regulatory limits and the limits specified in this SID.
Mutual Fund Units:
Mutual fund means a fund established in the form of a trust to raise monies through the sale of units to
the public or a section of the public under one or more schemes for investing in securities, money
market instruments, gold or gold related instruments, silver or silver related instruments, real estate
assets and such other assets and instruments as may be specified by the SEBI from time to time.
Interest Rate Swap - An Interest Rate Swap (IRS) is a financial contract between two parties
exchanging or swapping a stream of interest payments for a notional principal amount on multiple
occasions during a specified period. Typically, one party receives a predetermined fixed rate of
interest while the other party, receives a floating rate, which is linked to a mutually agreed benchmark
with provision for mutually agreed periodic resets. Such contracts generally involve exchange of a
―fixed to floating or ―floating to fixed rate of interest. Accordingly, on each payment date that
occurs during the swap period, cash payments based on fixed/ floating and floating rates are made by
the parties to one another.
Forward Rate Agreement - A Forward Rate Agreement (FRA) is a financial contract between two
parties to exchange interest payments for a notional principal amount on settlement date, for a
specified period from start date to maturity date. Accordingly, on the settlement date, cash payments
based on contract (fixed) and the settlement rate, are made by the parties to one another. The
settlement rate is the agreed benchmark/ reference rate prevailing on the settlement date.
Interest Rate Futures - A futures contract is a standardized, legally binding agreement to buy or sell
a commodity or a financial instrument in a designated future month at a market determined price (the
futures price) by the buyer and seller. The contracts are traded on a futures exchange. An Interest Rate
Future is a futures contract with an interest bearing instrument as the underlying asset.
Characteristics of Interest Rate Futures
1. Obligation to buy or sell a bond at a future date
2. Standardized contract.
3. Exchange traded

=== S05-031 | page 40 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
futures price) by the buyer and seller. The contracts are traded on a futures exchange. An Interest Rate
Future is a futures contract with an interest bearing instrument as the underlying asset.
Characteristics of Interest Rate Futures
1. Obligation to buy or sell a bond at a future date
2. Standardized contract.
3. Exchange traded
4. Physical settlement
5. Daily mark to market
i Investments in units of mutual fund schemes
The Scheme may invest in other schemes managed by the AMC or in the schemes of any other mutual
funds in conformity with the investment objective of the Scheme and in terms of the prevailing SEBI
(MF) Regulations.
i Investment in Short Term Deposits
Pending deployment of funds as per the investment objective of the Scheme, the funds may be parked
in short term deposits of Scheduled Commercial Banks, subject to guidelines and limits specified by
SEBI.
The aforementioned securities may be acquired through Initial Public Offering (IPOs), secondary
market, private placement, rights offers, negotiated deals. Further investments in debentures, bonds
40

=== S05-032 | page 41 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
and other fixed income securities will be in instruments which have been assigned investment grade
rating by the Credit Rating Agency.
Investment in unrated debt instruments shall be subject to complying with the provisions of the
Regulations and within the limit as specified in Schedule VII to the Regulations.
The securities / instruments mentioned above and such other securities the Scheme is permitted to
invest in could be listed, unlisted, privately placed, secured, unsecured, rated or unrated and of any
maturity subject to investment limits specified elsewhere in this document.
The Fund Manager reserves the right to invest in such securities as may be permitted from time to
time and which are in line with the investment objectives of the Scheme.
i Investment in Equity Derivatives
As part of the Fund Management process, the Trustee may permit the use of derivative instruments
such as index futures, stock futures and options contracts, warrants, convertible securities, swap
agreements, Forward Rate Agreement (FRA) or any other derivative instruments that are permissible
or may be permissible in future under applicable regulations and such investments shall be in
accordance with the investment objectives of the scheme.
Futures:
Futures are exchange-traded contracts to sell or buy financial instruments for future delivery at an
agreed price. There is an agreement to buy or sell a specified quantity of financial instrument on a
designated future date at a price agreed upon by the buyer and seller at the time of entering into a
contract. To make trading possible, the exchange specifies certain standardized features of the
contract. A futures contract involves an obligation on both the parties to fulfill the terms of the
contract.
SEBI has permitted futures contracts on indices and individual stocks with maturity of 1 month, 2
months and 3 months on a rolling basis. The futures contracts are settled on last Thursday (or
immediately preceding trading day if Thursday is a trading holiday) of each month. The final
settlement price is the closing price of the underlying stock(s)/index.
Options:
Option is a contract which provides the buyer of the option (also called holder) the right, without the
obligation, to buy or sell a specified asset at the agreed price on or upto a particular date. For
acquiring this privilege, the buyer pays premium (fee) to the seller. The seller on the other hand has
the obligation to buy or sell specified asset at the agreed price and for this obligation he receives

=== S05-033 | page 47 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
21) The Scheme shall not invest more than 20% of its net assets in a group (excluding investments
in securities issued by Public Sector Units, Public Financial Institutions and Public Sector Banks).
Such investment limit may be extended to 25% of the net assets of the Scheme with the prior approval
of the Trustees.
Provided that investments by the Scheme in debt and money market instruments of group companies
of both the sponsor and the asset management company shall not exceed 10% of the net assets of the
Scheme. Such investment limit may be extended to 15% of the net assets of the Scheme with prior
approval of the Board of Trustees.
For this purpose, a group means a group as defined under regulation 2 (mm) of the Regulations and
shall include an entity, its subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries, its holding company and its associates.
The Scheme will comply with the other Regulations applicable to the investments of Mutual Funds
from time to time. Apart from the Investment Restrictions prescribed under the Regulations, internal
risk parameters for limiting exposure to a particular scrip or sector may be prescribed from time to
time to respond to the dynamic market conditions and market opportunities.
The AMC/Trustee may alter these above stated restrictions from time to time to the extent the
Regulations change, so as to permit the Scheme to make its investments in the full spectrum of
permitted investments for mutual funds to achieve its respective investment objective.
All investment restrictions shall be applicable at the time of making investment.
C. Fundamental Attributes
Following are the Fundamental Attributes of the scheme, in terms of Clause 1.14 of SEBI Master
Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024:
(i) Type of a scheme
An open ended equity scheme predominantly investing in large cap stocks
(ii) Investment Objective: Please refer to Part I. V ie “Investment Objective” mentioned under
“Highlights/Summary of the Scheme”.
Main Objective – Growth/Income/Both.
Investment pattern - Please refer to Part II.A “HOW WILL THE SCHEME ALLOCATE ITS
ASSETS?”
(iii) Terms of Issue:
Liquidity provisions such as listing, repurchase, redemption - Please refer to the Part I Aggregate
fees and expenses charged to the scheme: Please refer to the section Part II Other details
Any safety net or guarantee provided: None
In accordance with Regulation 18(15A) of the SEBI (MF) Regulations and Clause 1.14.1.4 of SEBI
Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024 the Trustees shall ensure that no change in the

=== S05-034 | page 48 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
thereunder and affect the interests of Unitholders is carried out unless: • SEBI has reviewed and
provided its comments on the proposal
• A written communication about the proposed change is sent to each Unitholder and an advertisement
is given in one English daily newspaper having nationwide circulation as well as in a newspaper
published in the language of the region where the Head Office of the Mutual Fund is situated; and
• The Unitholders are given an option for a period of atleast 30 calendar days to exit at the prevailing
Net Asset Value without any exit load.
D. Index methodology (for index funds, ETFs and FOFs having one underlying domestic ETF)-
Disclosures regarding the index, index eligibility criteria, methodology, index service provider, index
constituents, impact cost of the constituents is not provided since its not an index fund.
E. Principles of incentive structure for market makers (for ETFs) is not provided since its not an ETF.
F. Floors and ceiling within a range of 5% of the intended allocation against each sub class of asset, as
per clause 13.6.2 of SEBI master circular for mutual funds dated June 27, 2024 (only for close ended
debt schemes) - NA
G. Other Scheme Specific Disclosures:
Listing and transfer of units Since units of the Scheme will be offered for subscription and
redemption at NAV based prices on all Business Days on an ongoing
basis providing the required liquidity to investors, units of the Scheme
are not proposed to be listed on any stock exchange. However, the
Trustee reserves the right to list the units of the Scheme on any stock
exchange(s) at its sole discretion at a later date.
Dematerialization of units In accordance with Paragraph 14.4.2(a) of SEBI Master Circular for
Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, investors have the option to
receive allotment of Mutual Fund units in their demat account while
subscribing to this scheme. Such units held in demat form shall be
fully transferable.
Minimum Target amount The Scheme had collected the minimum target amount during the
(This is the minimum amount NFO
required to operate the scheme and if
this is not collected during the NFO
period, then all the investors would be
refunded the amount invested without
any return.)
Maximum Amount to be raised The Scheme is in existence and the said clause is not applicable
(if any)
Dividend Policy (IDCW) The Trustee will endeavor to declare IDCW under the IDCW
Option, subject to availability of distributable surplus calculated in
accordance with the Regulations.

=== S05-035 | page 54 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
For Switch-ins of any amount:
For determining the applicable NAV, the following shall be ensured:
● Application for switch-in is received before the applicable cut-off
time.
● Funds for the entire amount of subscription / purchase as per the
switch-in request are credited to the bank account of the Scheme before
the cut-off time.
● The funds are available for utilization before the cut-off time.
● In case of switch transactions from one scheme to another, the
allocation shall be in line with redemption payouts.
For investments through systematic investment routes such as
Systematic Investment Plans (SIP), Systematic Transfer Plans (STP),
etc. the units will be allotted as per the closing NAV of the day on which
the funds are available for utilization by the Target Scheme irrespective
of the instalment date of the SIP, STP or record date of IDCW etc.”
The Trustee reserves the right to change / modify the aforesaid
requirements at a later date in line with SEBI directives from time to
time.
For allotment of units, it shall be ensured that:
i. the application is received before the applicable cut-off time,
ii. Funds for the entire amount of subscription / purchase as per the
application / switch-in request are credited to the bank account of the
Scheme before the cut-off time,
iii. The funds are available for utilisation before the cut-off time
without availing any credit facility whether intra-day or otherwise, by
the Scheme.
Redemptions including Switch - outs:
The following cut-off timings shall be observed by the Mutual Fund in
respect of Repurchase of Units:
1. Where the application received upto 3.00 pm – closing NAV of the
day of receipt of application; and
2. An application received after 3.00 pm – closing NAV of the next
Business Day.
Further, where the AMC or the Registrar has provided a facility to
the investors to redeem /switch-out of the Scheme through the
medium of Internet by logging onto specific web-sites or any other
facilities offered by the AMC and where investors have signed up
for using these facilities, the Applicable NAVs will be as provided
above.
Technical issues when transactions are processed through online
54

=== S05-036 | page 55 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
facilities/ electronic modes:
The time of transaction done through various online facilities /
electronic modes offered by the AMC, for the purpose of determining
the applicability of NAV, would be the time when the request for
purchase / SIP/ sale / switch of units is received in the servers of
AMC/RTA. In case of transactions through online facilities / electronic
modes, there may be a time lag of few seconds or upto 1-7 banking days
between the amount of subscription being debited to investor's bank
account and the subsequent credit into the respective Scheme's bank
account. This lag may impact the applicability of NAV for transactions
where NAV is to be applied, based on actual realization of funds by the
Scheme. Under no circumstances will Groww Asset Management
Limited or its bankers or its service providers be liable for any lag /
delay in realization of funds and consequent pricing of units. The AMC
has the right to amend cut off timings subject to SEBI (MF) Regulations
for the smooth and efficient functioning of the Scheme. Representation
of SIP transaction which have failed due to technical reasons will also
follow same rule.
Minimum amount for Ongoing: Rs.500 and in multiples of Re. 1
purchase/redemption/switches Switch-in amount: Rs.500 and in multiples of Re.1.
The minimum subscription limits for new purchases/additional
purchases will apply to each Option separately.
Minimum Redemption Amount:
The minimum redemption amount shall be Rs. 500 and in multiples of
Re. 1
In case, if the investor wants to submit redemption in units, the value
should be equivalent to the minimum redemption amount specified
above as on the applicable NAV date and the units should be in
multiples of 0.001.
In case the available balance in folio is less than the minimum
redemption amount/units, then the investor can submit a request for
"All units/Full redemption" of the amount / units available in folio.
If the redemption is received in "Units" or "Amount" and reported
Units/Amount are more than available units/amount in the folio then it
will be considered as full unit/amount redemption.
Please note this will not be applicable for units under pledge and demat
folios.
The AMC reserves the right to change the minimum amounts for
various purchase / redemption/ switch. Such changes shall only be
applicable to transactions on a prospective basis.
Accounts Statements The AMC shall send an allotment confirmation specifying the units
allotted by way of email and/or SMS within 5 working days of receipt
of valid application/transaction to the Unit holders registered e-mail

=== S05-037 | page 56 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Amount the Fund in call money market or money market instruments and in a
separate plan of Liquid scheme / Money Market Mutual Fund scheme
floated by Mutual Funds specifically for deployment of the unclaimed
amounts. The investment management fee charged by the AMC for
managing such unclaimed amounts shall not exceed 50 basis points.
The AMCs shall not be permitted to charge any exit load in this plan.
Provided that such schemes where the unclaimed redemption and
56

=== S05-038 | page 58 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
II. Other Details
A. In case of Fund of Funds Scheme, Details of Benchmark, Investment Objective, Investment Strategy,
TER, AUM, Year wise performance, Top 10 Holding/ link to Top 10 holding of the underlying fund
should be provided -NA
B. Periodic Disclosures such as Half yearly disclosures, half yearly results, annual report
Monthly / Half - Yearly Portfolio The Mutual Fund shall disclose the scheme portfolios as on the
Disclosures last day of the month/ as on the last day of every half year ended
March and September within 10 days from the close of each
This is a list of securities where the month / half-year respectively. Further, the Mutual Fund shall
corpus of the Scheme is currently also disclose portfolio of the scheme on a fortnightly basis within
invested. The market value of 5 days from the end of the fortnight. The disclosure shall be on
these investments is also stated in https://growwmf.in/statutory-disclosure/portfolio
portfolio disclosures. (Fortnightly/Monthly), https://growwmf.in/financials/half-
yearly-unaudited-financials-&-portfolio (Half Yearly) and
www.amfiindia.com. The AMC shall send via email the
fortnightly statement of scheme portfolio within 5 days from the
close of each fortnight and the monthly and half-yearly statement
of scheme portfolio within 10 days from the close of each month
/ half-year respectively.
Mutual Fund shall publish an advertisement every half-year
disclosing the hosting of the half-yearly statement of its schemes
portfolio on its website and on the website of AMFI. Such
advertisement shall be published in the all India edition of at least
two daily newspapers, one each in English and Hindi. Mutual
Fund shall provide a physical copy of the statement of its scheme
portfolio, without charging any cost, on specific request received
from a unitholder.
Half -Yearly Financial Results The Mutual Fund and AMC shall within one month from the close
of each half year i.e. 31st March and on 30th September, host a
soft copy of its unaudited financial results on their website. The
Mutual Fund and AMC shall publish an advertisement disclosing
the hosting of such financial results on their website, in atleast one
national English daily newspaper and in a regional newspaper
published in the language of the region where the Head Office of
the Mutual Fund is situated.
It will also be displayed on the website of the AMC
https://www.growwmf.in/financials/half-yearly-unaudited and
AMFI www.amfiindia.com
Annual Report The Scheme wise annual report or an abridged summary thereof
shall be mailed (emailed, where e-mail id is provided unless
otherwise required) to all Unit holders not later than four months

=== S05-039 | page 86 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Investment Manager: Groww Asset Management Ltd. (CIN- U65991KA2008PLC180894)
Corporate Office: 505 – 5th Floor, Tower 2 B, One World Centre, Jupiter Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg,
Near Prabhadevi Railway Station Prabhadevi (W), Mumbai – 400013
Registered Office: Vaishnavi Tech Park, South Tower, 3rd Floor, Survey No.16/1 and 17/2, Ambalipura Village,
Varthur Hobli, Bellandur, Bangalore South, Bangalore- 560103, Karnataka, India
Notice cum Addendum No. 25/2026- 2027
Notice cum Addendum to the Scheme Information Document (SID), Key Information Memorandum (KIM)
of the scheme(s) and Statement of Additional Information (“SAI”) of Groww Mutual Fund (‘the Fund’).
A. Resignation of Key Personnel:
Investors are requested to note that, Mr. Gagan Thareja, ceased to be Fund Manager (Equity) & Head of Research
(Equity) and a Key Personnel of Groww Asset Management Limited (GAML) with effect from the close of business
hours of September 09, 2026.
Accordingly, all references of Mr. Gagan Thareja in the SAI of the Fund and SID(s) and KIM(S) of the concerned
scheme(s) of the Fund shall stands deleted effective the aforesaid date.
B. Change in Fund Management Responsibilities of the scheme(s) of the Fund:
Investors/Unitholders are requested to note that, pursuant to resignation of Mr. Gagan Thareja from the services of
GAML, the Fund Management Responsibilities in the following scheme(s) of the Fund, shall be changed as under,
with effect from September 10, 2026:
Scheme(s) Name Existing Fund Manager(s) New Fund Manager(s)
Groww Small Cap Fund (An • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of
open ended equity scheme Equity) Equity)
predominantly investing in • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Head of • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior
small cap stocks) Research - Equity and Fund Research Analyst & Fund Manager
Manager) – Equity)
• Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior • Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager &
Research Analyst & Fund Dealer – Equity)
Manager – Equity)
• Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager
& Dealer – Equity)
Groww Large Cap Fund (An • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of
open ended equity scheme Equity) Equity)
predominantly investing in • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Head of • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior
large cap stocks) Research - Equity and Fund Research Analyst & Fund Manager
Manager) – Equity)
• Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior • Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager &
Research Analyst & Fund Dealer – Equity)
Manager – Equity)
• Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager
& Dealer – Equity)

=== S05-040 | page 87 | Groww Large Cap Fund ===
Groww Value Fund (An • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of
open ended equity scheme Equity) Equity)
following a value investment • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Head of • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior
strategy) Research - Equity and Fund Research Analyst & Fund Manager
Manager) – Equity)
• Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior • Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager &
Research Analyst & Fund Dealer – Equity)
Manager – Equity)
• Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager
& Dealer – Equity)
Groww Multicap Fund (An • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of
open-ended equity scheme Equity) Equity)
investing across large-cap, • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Head of • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior
mid-cap, and small-cap Research - Equity and Fund Research Analyst & Fund Manager
stocks) Manager) – Equity)
• Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior • Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager &
Research Analyst & Fund Dealer – Equity)
Manager – Equity)
• Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager
& Dealer – Equity)
Groww Banking & Financial • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of
Services Fund Equity) Equity)
(An open ended equity • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Head of • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior
scheme investing in banking Research - Equity and Fund Research Analyst & Fund Manager
and financial services related Manager) – Equity)
sectors) • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior • Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager &
Research Analyst & Fund Dealer – Equity)
Manager – Equity)
• Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager
& Dealer – Equity)
This Notice cum addendum forms an integral part of the SID, KIM of the aforesaid scheme(s) and SAI of the Fund. All
other terms and conditions as mentioned in SID, KIM of the scheme(s) and SAI of the Fund shall remain unchanged.
As per the Go Green Initiative, investors are encouraged to register/update their email id and mobile number with us
to support paper less communications.
For Groww Asset Management Ltd.
Investment Manager to Groww Mutual Fund
Sd/- Place: Mumbai
Authorised Signatory Date: September 09, 2026
MUTUAL FUND INVESTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO MARKET RISKS, READ ALL SCHEME
RELATED DOCUMENTS CAREFULLY.

