=== S06-001 | page 1 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
SCHEME INFORMATION DOCUMENT
GROWW MULTICAP FUND
(An open-ended equity scheme investing across large-cap, mid-cap, and small-cap stocks)
This product is suitable for Scheme Riskometer
Benchmark Riskometer (as
investors who are seeking*:
applicable)
• Investments in equity and As per AMFI Tier 1 Benchmark
equity-related instruments Nifty 500 Multicap 50:25:25 Index
across large-cap, mid-cap and TRI
small-cap stocks
• Long-term capital growth
Investor understands that their The Benchmark is at Very High
principal will be at Very High Risk Risk
*Investors should consult their financial advisers if in doubt about whether the product is suitable for them.
Name of Mutual Fund Groww Mutual Fund
Groww Asset Management Limited (CIN: U65991KA2008PLC180894)
Registered Office: Vaishnavi Tech Park, South Tower, 3rd Floor, Survey
Name of Asset Management Company
No.16/1 and 17/2, Ambalipura Village, Varthur Hobli, Bellandur,
Bangalore South, Bangalore- 560103, Karnataka, India
Groww Trustee Limited (CIN: U65991KA2008PLC183561)
Registered Office: Vaishnavi Tech Park, South Tower, 3rd Floor, Survey
Name of Trustee Company
No.16/1 and 17/2, Ambalipura Village, Varthur Hobli, Bellandur,
Bangalore South, Bangalore- 560103, Karnataka, India.
505 – 5th Floor, Tower 2B, One World Centre, Near Prabhadevi Railway
Corporate Office Station, Lower Parel, Mumbai – 400013, Maharashtra, Tele-+91 22
69744435
Website www.growwmf.in
The particulars of the Scheme have been prepared in accordance with Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual
Funds) Regulations 1996, (hereinafter referred to as SEBI (MF) Regulations) as amended till date and circulars issued
thereunder filed with SEBI, along with a Due Diligence Certificate from the AMC. The units being offered for public
subscription have not been approved or recommended by SEBI nor has SEBI certified the accuracy or adequacy of the
Scheme Information Document.
The Scheme Information Document sets forth concisely the information about the scheme that a prospective investor ought to
know before investing. Before investing, investors should also ascertain about any further changes to this Scheme Information
Document after the date of this Document from the Mutual Fund / Investor Service Centres / Website / Distributors or Brokers.
1

=== S06-002 | page 3 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE NO.
SECTION I
I. HIGHLIGHTS / SUMMARY OF THE SCHEME 4
II. INFORMATION ABOUT SCHEME 17
A. HOW WILL SCHEME ALLOCATE ITS ASSESTS 17
B. WHERE WILL THE SCHEME INVEST 20
C. WHAT ARE THE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES 21
D. HOW WILL THE SCHEME BENCHMARK ITS PERFORMANCE 21
E. WHO MANAGES THE SCHEME? 22
F. HOW IS THE SCHEME DIFFERENT FROM EXISTING SCHEMES OF THE MUTUAL FUND? 22
G. HOW HAS THE SCHEME PERFORMED 23
H. ADDITIONAL SCHEME RELATED DISCLOSURES 23
III. OTHER DETAILS 25
A. COMPUTATION OF NAV 25
B. NEW FUND OFFER (NFO) EXPENSES 26
C. ANNUAL SCHEME RECURRING EXPENSES 26
D. LOAD STRUCTURE 30
SECTION II. 31
I. INTRODUCTION 31
A. DEFINITION & INTERPRETATION 31
B. RISK FACTORS 31
C. RISK MITIGATION STRATEGIES 36
II. INFORMATION ABOUT SCHEME 38
A. WHERE WILL THE SCHEME INVEST? 38
B. WHAT ARE THE INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS? 39
C. FUNDAMENTAL ATTRIBUTES 42
D. INDEX METHODOLOGY (FOR INDEX FUNDS, ETFS AND FOFS HAVING ONE UNDERLYING DOMESTIC ETF) 43
E. PRINCIPLES OF INCENTIVE STRUCTURE FOR MARKET MAKERS (FOR ETFS) 43
F. FLOORS AND CEILING WITHIN A RANGE OF 5% OF THE INTENDED ALLOCATION AGAINST EACH SUB 43
CLASS OF ASSET
G. OTHER SCHEME SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES 43
III. OTHER DETAILS 54
A. IN CASE OF FUND OF FUNDS SCHEME, DETAILS OF BENCHMARK, INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE, 54
INVESTMENT STRATEGY, TER, AUM, YEAR WISE PERFORMANCE, TOP 10 HOLDING/ LINK TO TOP 10
HOLDING OF THE UNDERLYING FUND SHOULD BE PROVIDED
B. PERIODIC DISCLOSURES SUCH AS HALF YEARLY DISCLOSURES, HALF YEARLY RESULTS, ANNUAL 54
REPORT
C. TRANSPARENCY/NAV DISCLOSURE 54
D. TRANSACTION CHARGES AND STAMP DUTY 55
E. ASSOCIATE TRANSACTIONS 55
F. TAXATION 55
G. RIGHTS OF UNITHOLDERS 58
H. LIST OF OFFICIAL POINTS OF ACCEPTANCE 58
I. PENALTIES, PENDING LITIGATION OR PROCEEDINGS, FINDINGS OF INSPECTIONS OR INVESTIGATIONS 58
FOR WHICH ACTION MAY HAVE BEEN TAKEN OR IS IN THE PROCESS OF BEING TAKEN BY ANY
REGULATORY AUTHORITY
3

=== S06-003 | page 4 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
SECTION I
Part I. HIGHLIGHTS/SUMMARY OF THE SCHEME
Sr. No. Title Description
I. Name of the scheme Groww Multicap Fund
II. Category of the Scheme Multi Cap Fund
III. Scheme type An open-ended equity scheme investing across large-cap, mid-cap,
and small-cap stocks.
IV. Scheme code GROW/O/E /MCF/24/09/0022
V. Investment objective To achieve long-term capital appreciation by predominantly investing
in equity and equity-related instruments of large, mid and small-cap
companies. However, there can be no assurance that the investment
objective of the scheme will be realised.
VI. Liquidity details: The Scheme will offer units for purchases/switch-ins and
redemptions/switch-outs at NAV based prices on all business days on
an ongoing basis. Repurchase of Units will be at the NAV prevailing
on the date the units are tendered for repurchase.
As per SEBI Regulations, the Mutual Fund shall dispatch redemption
proceeds within 3 working Days of receiving a valid redemption
request. A penal interest of 15% per annum or such other rate as may
be prescribed by SEBI from time to time, will be paid in case the
redemption proceeds are not made within 3 working Days from the
date of receipt of a valid redemption request.
The Scheme being open ended, the units are not proposed to be listed
on any stock exchange and no transfer facility on the exchange is
provided. However, the Trustee reserves the right to list the units as and
Listing details
when open-end Schemes are permitted to be listed under the
Regulations, and if the Trustee considers it necessary in the interest of
unit holders of the Scheme.
VII. Benchmark (Total Return As per AMFI Tier 1 Benchmark
Index) Nifty 500 Multicap 50:25:25 Index - Total Return Index
The Trustees have adopted Nifty 500 Multicap 50:25:25 Index as the
benchmark index.
As per its investment objective, the investment would primarily be in
Securities which are constituents of the benchmark index. Thus, the
composition of the aforesaid benchmark index is such that it is most
suited for comparing performance of the Scheme. The Trustees
reserves right to change benchmark in future for measuring
performance of the Scheme subject to SEBI Mutual Fund Regulations,
1996 and circulars issued by SEBI from time to time.
The AMC / Trustee reserves the right to change / modify the benchmark
by issuing an addendum.
VIII. NAV disclosure The AMC shall update the NAVs on the website of the Mutual Fund
https://www.growwmf.in/nav and on the website of Association of
Mutual Funds in India - AMFI (www.amfiindia.com) by 11.00 p.m. on

=== S06-004 | page 4 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
The AMC / Trustee reserves the right to change / modify the benchmark
by issuing an addendum.
VIII. NAV disclosure The AMC shall update the NAVs on the website of the Mutual Fund
https://www.growwmf.in/nav and on the website of Association of
Mutual Funds in India - AMFI (www.amfiindia.com) by 11.00 p.m. on
every Business Day. Further Details in Section II.
4

=== S06-005 | page 5 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
IX. Applicable timelines Timeline for
Dispatch of redemption proceeds:
The redemption or repurchase proceeds shall be dispatched to the
unitholders within 03 working days from the date of redemption or
repurchase. In case of exceptional situations, additional time for
redemption payment may be taken. This shall be in line with AMFI
letter dated January 16, 2023.
• Dispatch of IDCW:
The IDCW warrants shall be dispatched to the unitholders within
07 working days of the date of declaration of the IDCW.
In case of Unit holders having a bank account with certain banks
with which the Mutual Fund would have an arrangement from time
to time, the IDCW proceeds shall be electronically credited to their
account.
In case of specific request for IDCW by warrants/cheques/demand
drafts or unavailability of sufficient details with the Fund, the
IDCW will be paid by warrant/cheques/demand drafts and
payments will be made in favour of the unitholder (registered
holder of the Unit or, if there are more than one registered holder,
only to the first registered holder) with bank account number
furnished to the Fund.
Please note that it is mandatory for the unitholders to provide the
bank account details as per SEBI guidelines.
X. Plans and Options The Scheme will have Regular Plan and Direct Plan** with a
Plans/Options and sub common portfolio and separate NAVs. Investors should indicate the
options under the Scheme Plan for which the subscription is made by indicating the choice in
the application form.
Each of the above Regular and Direct Plan under the scheme will
have the following Options / Sub-options: (1) Growth Option and
(2) Income Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal (IDCW) Option.
The IDCW Option shall have only Reinvestment of IDCW and
Payout of IDCW Option.
The default option for the unitholders will be Regular Plan - Growth
Option if he is routing his investments through a distributor and
Direct Plan – Growth option if he is a direct investor.
If the unit holders selects IDCW option but does not specify the sub-
option then the default sub-option shall be Reinvestment of IDCW.
Investors subscribing under Direct Plan of the Scheme will have to
indicate “Direct Plan” against the Scheme name in the application
form i.e. “Groww Multicap Fund - Direct Plan”. Treatment for
investors based on the applications received is given in the table
below:
Investors should also indicate “Direct” in the ARN column of the
application form. If the application is received incomplete with
respect to not selecting Regular/Direct Plan, the application will be

=== S06-006 | page 6 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
2. N ot mentioned Direct Direct Plan
3. N ot mentioned Regular Direct Plan
Plan
4. M entioned Direct Direct Plan
5. D irect Not Direct Plan
mentioned
6. D irect Regular Direct Plan
Plan
7. M entioned Regular Regular Plan
Plan
8. M entioned Not Regular Plan
mentioned
In cases of wrong/ invalid/ incomplete ARN codes mentioned on the
application form, the application shall be processed under Regular
Plan. The AMC shall contact and obtain the correct ARN code
within 30 calendar days of the receipt of the application form from
the investor/ distributor. In case, the correct code is not received
within 30 calendar days, the AMC shall reprocess the transaction
under Direct Plan from the date of application without any exit load.
**DIRECT PLAN: Direct Plan is only for investors who purchase
/subscribe Units in a Scheme directly with the Mutual Fund or through
the stock exchange and is not available for investors who route their
investments through a Distributor.
XI. Load Structure Exit Load:
a) 1% if redeemed/ switched out within 1 year from the date of
allotment.
b) NIL, if redeemed/ switched out after 1 year from the date of
allotment.
Subject to the Regulations, the AMC reserves the right to modify /
change the load structure on a prospective basis.
XII. Minimum Application
Amount/switch in
Initial Purchase Rs. 500/- and in multiples of Re. 1 for
(Non- SIP) purchases and of Re 0.01 for switches.
SIP Purchase Daily - Rs.100 and in multiples of Re.1
Weekly - Rs. 100 and in multiples of
Re.1
Monthly - Rs. 500 and in multiples of
Re.1
Quarterly - Rs. 500 and in multiples of
Re.1
XIII. Minimum Additional R s. 500 per application and in multiples of Re. 1 thereafter.
Purchase Amount
XIV. Minimum The minimum switch amount / redemption amount shall be Rs. 500
Redemption/switch out or ‘any number of units’ as requested by the investor at the time of the
amount request.
6

=== S06-007 | page 8 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
KFin Technologies Limited’s ISC directly. All grievances received at
the ISC of the AMC will then be forwarded to KFin Technologies
Limited, if required, for necessary action. The complaints will closely
be followed up with KFin Technologies Limited by the AMC to ensure
timely redressal and prompt investor service.
KFin Technologies Ltd.
Selenium,Tower B,
Plot number 31 & 32,
Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally Mandal,
Hyderabad- 500032.
The investors are further requested to take note that, pursuant to SEBI
Circular no. SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-1/P/CIR/2023/145 dated
July 31, 2023, read along with circular dated August 04, 2023, a
common Online Dispute Resolution Portal (“ODR Portal”) has been
introduced to provide investors / unit holders with a mechanism to
redress their grievances.
The ODR Portal allows investors / unitholders with additional
mechanism to resolve the grievances through online conciliation and
online arbitration. The link to access ODR Portal is
https://smartodr.in/login
XXII Specific attribute of the Not Applicable. The Scheme is an open ended multi cap fund
scheme (such as lock in,
duration in case of target
maturity scheme/close
ended schemes) (as
applicable)
XXIII Special product/facility Switching and Systematic Investment Plan are available during the
available during the NFO NFO.
and on ongoing basis
The Special Products / Facilities available under the Scheme, are:
i. Systematic Investment Plan [SIP]
ii. Systematic Transfer Plan[STP]
iii. Systematic Withdrawal Plan[SWP]
iv. IDCW Sweep Facility
v. Transactions by Email
vi. Transactions through Electronic Mode
vii. K-TRACK for transaction in the units of Groww Mutual Fund
towards additional purchase, redemption or switch
viii. Transactions through Stock Exchange Platform for Mutual Funds
ix. Transactions Through MF Utility ("MFU")
x. Registration of Multiple Bank Accounts in respect of an Investor
Folio
xi. MFCentral as Official Point of Acceptance of Transactions (OPAT)
For further details of above special products / facilities, For Details,
kindly refer SAI
Systematic Investment Plan (SIP):
This facility enables investors to save and invest periodically over a
longer period of time. It is a convenient way to “invest as you earn” and
affords the investor an opportunity to enter the market regularly, thus
8

=== S06-008 | page 9 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
averaging the acquisition cost of Units. The conditions for investing in
SIP will be as follows:
SIP Frequency:
SIP Installments and Amount –
Daily – Rs. 100 and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter
Weekly – Rs. 100 and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter
Monthly – Rs. 500 and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter
Quarterly - Rs. 500 and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter
Minimum No. of SIP instalments:
Minimum number of installments for each frequency are -
Daily – 180 instalments
Weekly – 24 instalments
Monthly - 12 instalments
Quarterly – 4 instalments
Frequency / Date:
Daily - Every business day
Weekly - 1, 8, 15 & 22
Monthly - Any day between 1st and 28th of the month
Quarterly - Any day between 1st and 28th of the quarter
(In case any of these days fall on a non-business day, the transaction
will be effected on the next business day of the Scheme).
Registration period: There must be at least 30 days between the first
SIP cheque and subsequent due date of Auto Debit [NACH clearing];
In case of the auto debit facility, the default options (where auto debit
period, frequency and SIP date are not indicated) will be as follows:
• SIP auto debit period: The SIP auto debit will continue till 5 years.
• SIP date: 15th of the month (commencing 30 days after the first SIP
instalment date); and
• SIP frequency: Monthly
The load structure prevailing at the time of submission of the SIP
application [whether fresh or extension] will apply for all the
instalments indicated in such application;
All the cheques/ payment instructions [including the first
cheque/payment instruction] shall be of equal amounts in case of SIP
applications;
Investors may also choose to invest any lump sum amount along with
the first SIP instalment by way of a single cheque/ payment instruction.
Investors will have the right to discontinue the SIP facility at any time
by sending a written request to any of the Official Point(s) of
Acceptance. Notice of such discontinuance should be received at least
30 days prior to the due date of the next debit. On receipt of such
request, the SIP facility will be terminated. It is clarified that if the Fund
fails to get the proceeds for three consecutive Instalments out of a
continuous series of Instalments submitted at the time of initiating a
SIP), the AMC reserves the right to discontinue the SIP.
Systematic Transfer Plan (STP)
This facility enables unitholders to transfer a fixed specified amount

=== S06-009 | page 10 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
minimum investment criteria of the target scheme. Investors can opt for
the Systematic Transfer Plan by investing a lump sum amount in one
scheme of the fund and providing a standing instruction to transfer sums
at regular intervals. Investors could also opt for STP from an existing
account by quoting their account / folio number. However, units marked
under lien or pledged in the source scheme shall not be eligible for STP.
The conditions for investing in STP will be as follows:
STP Frequency : Daily, Weekly, Monthly and Quarterly;
Minimum STP instalment amount: Rs. 500/- per instalment and in
multiples of Re.1/- thereafter for Daily/ Weekly/ Monthly/ Quarterly;
Minimum No. of STP instalments
Daily – 6 instalments
Weekly – 6 instalments
Monthly - 6 instalments
Quarterly - 6 instalments
STP Dates:
Daily – Every business day
Weekly option - Any day from Monday to Friday
Monthly/ Quarterly option – 2nd, 8th, 15th or 23rd of the month/ of any
month in the quarter
Registration period: A minimum period of 7 calendar days shall be
required for registration under STP.
• If no day is selected, the default day will be Friday. • If the STP date
falls on a holiday, the transaction will be processed on the next working
day.
The default options (where the period, frequency and STP date are not
indicated) will be as follows:
• STP period: 12 instalments.
• STP date: 15th of every month; and
• STP frequency: Monthly
Unitholder may change the amount (but not below the minimum
specified amount) / frequency by giving written notice to any of the
Official Point(s) of Acceptance at least 8 business days prior to next
STP execution date. Units will be allotted/ redeemed at the applicable
NAV of the respective dates of the Scheme on which such
investments/withdrawals are sought from the Scheme.
The STP may be terminated on a written notice of 8 business days by a
unitholder of the Scheme. The STP will be automatically terminated if
all units are liquidated or withdrawn from the source scheme or pledged
or upon receipt of intimation of death of the unitholder.
Systematic Withdrawal Plan (SWP)
This facility enables unitholders to withdraw a fixed sum (subject to tax
deduction at source, if applicable) by redemption of units in the
unitholder‘s account at regular intervals through a one-time request.
The conditions for investing in SWP will be as follows:
SWP Frequency : Monthly; Quarterly
Minimum SWP instalment amount:
Monthly: Rs. 500/- and in multiples of Re.1/- thereafter;

=== S06-010 | page 11 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
Monthly - 12 instalments
Quarterly – 4 installments
SWP Dates: 15th of every month as the STP date (in case any of these
days fall on a non-business day, the transaction will be effected on the
next business day of the Scheme).
Registration period: A minimum period of 7 calendar days shall be
required for registration under SWP.
The default options (where the period, frequency and SWP date are not
indicated) will be as follows:
• SWP period: The SWP will continue till 5 years.
• SWP frequency : Monthly
• SWP date: 15th of every month.
If 15th is a holiday, the SWP will be processed on the next business day.
Unit holder may change the amount (but not below the minimum
specified amount) / frequency by giving written notice to any of the
Official Point(s) of Acceptance at least 8 calendar days prior to next
SWP execution date.
The SWP may be terminated on a written notice of 8 calendar days by
a unitholder of the Scheme. SWP will be automatically terminated if all
units are liquidated or withdrawn from the Scheme or pledged or upon
receipt of intimation of death of the unitholder.
IDCW Sweep Facility
IDCW Sweep facility shall be in addition to the existing IDCW Payout
and IDCW Reinvestment Option. Default IDCW Option shall be
IDCW Payout.
Under IDCW Sweep Facility, Unit holders can opt for switching the
IDCW earned under any Schemes (Source Scheme) of Groww Mutual
Fund into any other Schemes (Target Scheme) of Groww Mutual Fund.
The IDCW (net of applicable DDT, if any) shall be swept subject to
minimum investment eligibility requirements of the Target Scheme at
applicable NAV based prices.
The minimum amount for sweep out to be Rs. 500/-. In case the sweep
amount is less than Rs. 500/-, the IDCW amount shall be reinvested in
the Source scheme. This facility shall be processed on the record date
of the IDCW declared under the Source Scheme. Further, this facility
shall not allow for switch of partial IDCW or switch of IDCW to
multiple schemes. In case the investor fails to specify his preference of
Option for the Target scheme into which the IDCW has to be swept,
Sweep-in amount shall be invested in default plan / option as
mentioned in Scheme Information Document (SID) of Target scheme.
The Load Structure prevailing at the time of submission of the
STP/SWP application will apply for all the installments indicated in
such application.

=== S06-011 | page 11 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
Sweep-in amount shall be invested in default plan / option as
mentioned in Scheme Information Document (SID) of Target scheme.
The Load Structure prevailing at the time of submission of the
STP/SWP application will apply for all the installments indicated in
such application.
The AMC reserves the right to introduce STP/SWP/ IDCW Sweep
Facility at any other frequencies or on any other dates as the AMC may
feel appropriate from time to time.
Transactions by Email:
In order to facilitate quick processing of transaction and / or instruction
of investment of investor the Mutual Fund / AMC / Trustee may (at its
sole discretion and without being obliged in any manner to do so and
without being responsible and /or liable in any manner whatsoever),
11

=== S06-012 | page 13 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
exchange infrastructure is available subject to such operating
guidelines, terms and conditions as may be prescribed by the respective
Stock Exchanges from time to time.
Transactions Through MF Utility ("MFU"):
The AMC has entered into an Agreement with MF Utilities India
Private Limited ("MFUI"), a "Category II - Registrar to an Issue" under
SEBI (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations,
1993, for usage of MF Utility ("MFU") a "Shared Services" initiative
formed by the Asset Management Companies of SEBI registered
Mutual Funds under the aegis of Association of Mutual Funds in India
(AMFI). MFU acts as a transaction aggregation portal for enabling
transaction in multiple Schemes of various Mutual Funds with a single
form and a single payment instrument. Both financial and non-
financial transactions pertaining to Scheme(s) of Groww Mutual Fund
('the Fund') can be done through MFU at the authorized Points of
Service ("POS") of MFUI. The details of POS with effect from the
respective dates published on MFU website at www.mfuindia.com will
be considered as Official Point of Acceptance (OPA) for transactions
in the Scheme(s) of the Fund.
Additionally, such transactions can also be carried out electronically
on the online transaction portal of MFU at www.mfuonline.com as and
when such a facility is made available by MFUI and that the same will
be considered OPA for transactions in the Scheme(s) of the Fund.
The key features of MFU are:
1. Investors will be required to obtain Common Account Number
("CAN") for transacting through MFU.
2. Investors can create a CAN by submitting the CAN Registration
Form (CRF) and necessary documents at the Point of Service (POS) of
MFU. The AMC and/ or CAMS, Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA)
of the Fund shall provide necessary details to MFU as may be needed
for providing the required services to investors / distributors through
MFU.
3. Investors will be allotted a CAN, a single reference number for all
investments across Mutual Funds, for transacting in multiple Schemes
of various Mutual Funds through MFU and to map existing folios, if
any.
4. Currently, the transactions facilitated through MFU for the investors
are:
(i) CAN registration;
(ii) Submission of documents to KRAs for KYC Registration;
(iii) Financial transactions like Purchases, Redemptions and Switches,
Registration of Systematic Transactions like Systematic Investments
(SIP) using a single Mandate, Systematic Withdrawals (SWP) and
Systematic Transfers (STP);
(iv) Non-financial transactions (NFT) like Bank Account changes,
facilitating change of address through KRAs etc. based on duly signed
written requests from the Investors.

=== S06-013 | page 13 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
(iii) Financial transactions like Purchases, Redemptions and Switches,
Registration of Systematic Transactions like Systematic Investments
(SIP) using a single Mandate, Systematic Withdrawals (SWP) and
Systematic Transfers (STP);
(iv) Non-financial transactions (NFT) like Bank Account changes,
facilitating change of address through KRAs etc. based on duly signed
written requests from the Investors.
5. The CRF and other relevant forms for transacting thorugh MFU can
be downloaded from MFUI website at www.mfuindia.com or can be
obtained from MFUI POS.
6. Investors transacting through MFU shall be deemed to have
consented to exchange of information viz. personal and / or financial
(including the changes, if any) between the Fund / AMC and MFUI
13

=== S06-014 | page 20 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
of omission and commission of the AMC), the fund manager shall rebalance the portfolio of the Scheme within 30
Business Days. In case the portfolio of the Scheme is not rebalanced within the period of 30 Business Days,
justification in writing, including details of efforts taken to rebalance the portfolio shall be placed before the
Investment Committee of the AMC. The Investment Committee, if it so desires, can extend the timeline for
rebalancing up to sixty (60) Business Days from the date of completion of mandated rebalancing period. Further, in
case the portfolio is not rebalanced within the aforementioned mandated plus extended timelines the AMC shall
comply with the prescribed restrictions, the reporting and disclosure requirements as specified in para 2.9. of SEBI
Master Circular dated June 27, 2024.
Rebalancing of deviation due to short term defensive consideration
Any alteration in the investment pattern will be for a short term on defensive considerations as per SEBI Circular
no. SEBI/HO/IMD/DF2/CIR/P/2021/024 dated March 04, 2021; the intention being at all times to protect the
interests of the Unit Holders and the Scheme shall endeavor to rebalance the portfolio within 30 business days. It
may be noted that no prior intimation/indication will be given to investors when the composition/asset allocation
pattern under the Scheme undergoes changes within the permitted band as indicated above.
B. WHERE WILL THE SCHEME INVEST?
Subject to the Regulations and other prevailing laws as applicable, the corpus of the Scheme can be invested in any
(but not exclusively) of the following securities:
1) Indian Equity and equity related securities including convertible bonds and debentures and warrants carrying the
right to obtain equity shares.
2) Securities created and issued by the Central and State Governments and/or repos/reverse repos in such
Government Securities as may be permitted by RBI (including but not limited to coupon bearing bonds, zero coupon
bonds and treasury bills)
3) Securities guaranteed by the Central and State Governments (including but not limited to coupon bearing bonds,
zero coupon bonds and treasury bills)
4) Repos of Corporate debt securities.
5) Debt securities issued by domestic Government agencies and statutory bodies, which may or may not carry a
Central/State Government guarantee.
6) Government securities having an unexpired maturity upto one year
7) Corporate debt securities (of both public and private sector undertakings)
8) Securities issued by banks (both public and private sector) as permitted by SEBI from time to time and
development financial institutions

=== S06-015 | page 21 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
Equity Related Instrument
23) Schemes managed by the AMC or the schemes launched by SEBI registered Mutual Funds, provided it is in
conformity to the investment objectives of the Scheme and in terms of the prevailing Regulations.
24) Any other instruments, as may be permitted by RBI / SEBI / such other Regulatory Authority, from time to time,
subject to Regulatory approvals. The securities mentioned above could be listed or permitted unlisted, privately
placed, secured or unsecured, rated or un-rated and of any maturity, as enabled under SEBI Regulations/ circulars/
RBI. The securities may be acquired from primary market/ Initial Public Offer (IPO), secondary market operations,
private placement or negotiated deals.
C. WHAT ARE THE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES?
The investment objective of the Scheme is to generate long term capital appreciation by actively investing in
equity and equity related securities of large cap, mid cap and small cap companies. There will be no style or market
cap bias in the investment strategy. We aim to adapt and invest according to market conditions
The investment horizon of the investments will be 5+ years
A combination of top-down and bottom-up approaches to stock selection. Stocks in large caps will be selected
using more of a top-down approach and stocks within mid and small caps will be selected using more of a bottom-
up approach. We will be extremely flexible and adaptive while investing the leftover 25% after investing a
minimum of 25% each in large, mid and small caps.
The list of stocks would be as per the list published by AMFI in accordance with the said circular and updated on
half yearly basis.
(Detailed definition and applicable regulations/guidelines for each instrument is included in Section II)
Though every endeavour will be made to achieve the objective of the Scheme, the AMC/Sponsors/Trustee
does not guarantee that the investment objective of the Scheme will be achieved. No guaranteed returns are
being offered under the Scheme.
Derivative products are leveraged instruments and can provide disproportionate gains as well as disproportionate
losses to the investor. Execution of such strategies depends upon the ability of the fund manager to identify such
opportunities. Identification and execution of the strategies to be pursued by the fund manager involve uncertainty
and decision of fund manager may not always be profitable. No assurance can be given that the fund manager will
be able to identify or execute such strategies. The risks associated with the use of derivatives are different from or

=== S06-016 | page 21 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
and decision of fund manager may not always be profitable. No assurance can be given that the fund manager will
be able to identify or execute such strategies. The risks associated with the use of derivatives are different from or
possibly greater than, the risks associated with investing directly in securities and other traditional investments.
For detailed derivative strategies, please refer to SAI.
Portfolio Turnover Policy
Portfolio turnover is defined as lesser of purchases and sales as a percentage of the average corpus of the Scheme
during a specified period of time. Portfolio turnover in the scheme will be a function of market opportunities. The
scheme is open-end scheme. It is expected that there would be a number of subscriptions and repurchases on a daily
basis. Consequently, it is difficult to estimate with any reasonable measure of accuracy, the likely turnover in the
portfolio. The AMC will endeavour to optimise portfolio turnover to optimise risk adjusted return keeping in mind
the cost associated with it. A high portfolio turnover rate is not necessarily a drag on portfolio performance and may
be representative of arbitrage opportunities that exist for securities held in the portfolio rather than an indication of
change in AMC’s view on a security etc. However, the AMC will take advantage of the opportunities that present
themselves from time to time because of the inefficiencies in the securities markets.
D. HOW WILL THE SCHEME BENCHMARK ITS PERFORMANCE?
Benchmark (Total Returns Index): Tier 1: Nifty 500 Multi Cap 50:25:25 Total Returns Index
21

=== S06-017 | page 22 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
The index is constructed to measure the performance of large cap, midcap and small cap segments with target
weights assigned to each segment in the ratio of 50:25:25. This structure makes it appropriate to be used as a
benchmark for the Multi Cap scheme which will invest across large cap, midcap and small cap segments.
As per clause 1.9 of Master Circular requires mutual funds to adopt first tier benchmarks for schemes as notified by
AMFI. Accordingly, the benchmark is selected from the benchmarks notified by AMFI for the category of scheme.
The performance will be benchmarked to the Total Returns Variant of the Index.
The AMC/ Trustee reserves the right to change the benchmark for evaluation of performance of the Scheme from
time to time in conformity with the investment objectives and appropriateness of the benchmark subject to SEBI
(MF) Regulations, and other prevailing guidelines, if any.
E. WHO MANAGES THE SCHEME?
The Fund Manager of the Scheme is Mr. Anupam Tiwari, his particulars are given below:
Fund Manager Tenure of managing the Scheme
Mr. Anupam Tiwari Since inception of the Scheme
Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee Managing scheme since Sept 24, 2025
Name of the Age Education Experience Other Schemes managed
Fund Qualification by the Fund Manager
Manager
Mr. Anupam 46 years CA Mr. Anupam brings 18 years of • Groww Aggressive
Tiwari, Head extensive experience in the Hybrid Fund
Equity Mutual Fund Industry, having • Groww Value Fund
served as an Equity Analyst at • Groww Banking &
Reliance Mutual Fund for 5 Financial Services Fund
years. He then held roles as an
• Groww Large Cap
Equity Fund Manager at
Fund
Reliance Life Insurance
• Groww Multicap Fund
Company, Principal at PNB
The above mentioned
Asset Management Company,
details include name of this
and Axis Asset Management
Scheme
Company in his most recent
assignment prior to joining
Groww AMC.
Mr. Saptarshee 32 years • CFA Level Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee has 8 • Groww Aggressive
Chatterjee 3 passed years of overall experience as an Hybrid Fund
• PGDM analyst. Prior to joining GMF, he • Groww Large cap Fund
(Finance) was associated with Centrum • Groww Value Fund
from IIM Wealth Management Limited & • Groww Banking &
Indore Edelweiss Financial Services Financial Services Fund
BE (E.T.C.E) Limited. • Groww Multicap Fund
The above mentioned
details include name of this
Scheme
F. HOW IS THE SCHEME DIFFERENT FROM EXISTING SCHEMES OF THE MUTUAL FUND?

=== S06-018 | page 23 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
Equity Schemes Scheme Category Product Positioning
Groww Large Cap Large Cap Fund A diversified equity portfolio
Fund investing predominantly in large-
cap stocks.
Groww Value Fund Value Fund A diversified equity portfolio
with value investment strategy.
Groww ELSS Tax Equity Linked Savings Scheme A diversified equity portfolio for
Saver Fund investors seeking exemption
under Section 80C of the Income
Tax Act.
Groww Banking & Financial Sectoral/Thematic A scheme investing in banking
Services Fund and financial services related
sector
For detailed comparative table of the aforesaid schemes, please click here
https://www.growwmf.in/downloads/sid
G. HOW HAS THE SCHEME PERFORMED (if applicable)
Compounded Scheme Scheme Benchmark
Annualised Returns Returns % Returns % Returns %
(Regular Plan) (Direct Plan)
Returns for last 1
year N.A. N.A. N.A.
Returns for last 3
year N.A. N.A. N.A.
Returns for last 5
year N.A. N.A. N.A.
Returns since
inception 2.50 4.00 -3.05
Absolute Returns for each Financial year for the last 5 years – The Scheme has not
completed 1 year.
H. ADDITIONAL SCHEME RELATED DISCLOSURES
i. Scheme’s portfolio holdings (top 10 holdings by issuer and fund allocation towards various
sectors- https://www.growwmf.in/downloads/fact-sheet
ii. Disclosure of name and exposure to Top 7 issuers, stocks, groups and sectors as a
percentage of NAV of the scheme in case of debt and equity ETFs/index funds through a
functional website link that contains detailed description - Not Applicable
iii. Functional website link for Portfolio Disclosure- Fortnightly / Monthly - https://growwmf.in/statutory-
disclosure/portfolio
Half Yearly - https://growwmf.in/financials/half-yearly-unaudited-financials-&-portfolio
iv. Portfolio Turnover Rate particularly for equity oriented schemes shall also be disclosed. - 0.95
v. Aggregate investment in the Scheme by:
Sr. No. Category of Persons Net Value Market Value (in
Rs.)
1. Concerned scheme’s Fund Manager(s) Units NAV per unit 1,60,68,246.33
15,45,083.11 10.40
23

=== S06-019 | page 24 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
For any other disclosure w.r.t investments by key personnel and AMC directors including regulatory provisions in
this regard kindly refer SAI
• Investments of AMC in the Scheme – Groww Asset Management Private Limited (GAML), the asset management
company may invest in the Scheme. However, as per SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996, GAML will not
charge any Investment Management Fee for its investment in the Scheme. In addition, the funds managed by the
sponsors, Group may invest in the Scheme.
The details are provided on https://www.growwmf.in/statutory-disclosure/alignment-of-interest
• Risk-o-meter shall be evaluated on a monthly basis and the Risk-o-meter shall be disclosed along with portfolio
disclosure on GMF website and on AMFI website within 10 days from the close of each month.
• Scheme Summary Document (SSD) shall be updated on a Monthly basis or on changes in any specified fields,
whichever is earlier. The same shall be uploaded on websites of GMF, AMFI and stock exchanges.
24

=== S06-020 | page 27 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
Cost towards investor education & awareness (at least 1 bps) (as
per paragraph 10.1.16 of SEBI Master circular for Mutual Funds
dated June 27, 2024)
Brokerage & transaction cost over and above 12 bps and 5 bps for
cash and derivative market trades resp.
Goods & Services Tax/ goods and services tax on expenses other
than investment and advisory fees
Goods & Services Tax/ goods and services tax on brokerage and
transaction cost
Other Expenses
Maximum total expense ratio (TER) permissible under Upto 2.25%
Regulation 52 (6) (c)
Additional expenses under regulation 52 (6A) (c) 0.05%
Additional expenses for gross new inflows from specified cities* Upto 0.30%
*SEBI vide its letter no. SEBI/HO/IMD-SEC-3/P/OW/2023/5823/1 dated February 24, 2023, and AMFI
letter dated No. 35P/ MEM-COR/ 85-a/ 2022-23 dated March 02, 2023 has directed AMCs to keep B-30
incentive structure in abeyance till further notice.
In terms of paragraph 10.1.16 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, the AMC /
Mutual Fund shall annually set apart at least 2 basis points (i.e., 0.02%) on daily net assets of the scheme
within the maximum limit of Total Expense Ratio as per Regulation 52 of the SEBI (MF) Regulations for
investor education and awareness initiatives.
Additional Expenses upto 0.05% of daily net assets as permissible under Regulation 52 (6A) (c) may be
charged by AMC under different heads of expenses mentioned under Regulation 52 (2) and (4) and more
specifically stated in table above.
Brokerage and transaction costs incurred for the execution of trades and included in the cost of investment,
not exceeding 0.12 per cent of the value of trades of cash market transactions and 0.05 per cent of the value
of trades of derivative market transactions. Thus, in terms of paragraph 10.1.14 of SEBI Master Circular for
Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, it is hereby clarified that the brokerage and transaction costs incurred
for the execution of trades may be capitalized to the extent of 0.12 per cent of the value of trades of cash
market transactions and 0.05 per cent of the value of trades of derivative market transactions. Any payment
towards brokerage and transaction costs (including Goods & Services Tax, if any) incurred for the execution
of trades, over and above the said 0.12 per cent for cash market transactions and 0.05 per cent of the value
of trades of derivative market transactions may be charged to the scheme within the maximum limit of Total

=== S06-021 | page 27 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
towards brokerage and transaction costs (including Goods & Services Tax, if any) incurred for the execution
of trades, over and above the said 0.12 per cent for cash market transactions and 0.05 per cent of the value
of trades of derivative market transactions may be charged to the scheme within the maximum limit of Total
Expense Ratio (TER) as prescribed under Regulation 52 of the SEBI (MF) Regulations.
Direct Plan shall have a lower expense ratio excluding distribution expenses, commission, etc and no
commission for distribution of Units will be paid / charged under Direct Plan. All fees and expenses charged
in a direct plan (in percentage terms) under various heads including the investment and advisory fee shall
not exceed the fees and expenses charged under such heads in a regular plan.
The purpose of the above table is to assist the investor in understanding various costs and expenses that an
investor in the Scheme will bear directly or indirectly. These estimates have been made in good faith as per
the information available with AMC based on past experience and are subject to change inter-se.
27

=== S06-022 | page 28 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
The total recurring expenses that can be charged to the Scheme will be subject to limits prescribed from
time to time under the SEBI (MF) Regulations.
Annual recurring expenses of the Scheme, (including the investment and advisory fees without any sub
limit) as a % of daily net assets will be subject to following limit:
The AMC shall adhere provisions of SEBI Circular dated October 22, 2018 and various guidelines
specified by SEBI as amended from time to time, with reference to charging of fees and expenses.
Annual recurring expenses of the Scheme, (including the investment and advisory fees without any
sublimit) as a % of daily net assets will be subject to following limit:
First Rs. Next Rs. Next Rs. Next Rs. Next Rs. Next Rs. Balance
500 250 1,250 3,000 5,000 40,000
Crores Crores Crores Crores Crores Crores
2.25% 2.00% 1.75% 1.60% 1.50% TER 1.05%
reduction of
0.05% for
every
increase of
Rs. 5,000
crores or
part thereof
In addition to TER within the limits specified under regulation 52 (6) of the Regulations, towards
investment & advisory fees as specified under regulation 52(2) of the Regulations and/or towards recurring
expenses as specified under 52(4) of the Regulations. However, such additional expenses will not be
charged if exit load is not levied / not applicable to the Scheme.
Additional Distribution Expenses in case of new inflows from specified cities In addition to total expenses
ratio (TER) as specified above, the AMC will charge expenses not exceeding 0.30% of daily net assets if the
new inflows in the Scheme from such cities, as specified by
SEBI from time to time, are at least:
(i) 30% of gross new inflows in the Scheme, or;
(ii) 15% of the average assets under management (year to date) of the Scheme,
whichever is higher.
In case, inflows from such cities is less than the higher of (i) or (ii) of above, such expenses on daily net
assets of the Scheme will be charged on proportionate basis in accordance with para 10.1.3 of SEBI Master
Circular dated June 27, 2024.
The additional expenses on account of inflows from such cities charged will be credited back to the
Scheme in case the said inflows are redeemed within a period of one year from the date of investment.
The additional expenses charged in case of inflows from such cities will be utilized for distribution
expenses incurred for bringing inflows from such cities.

=== S06-023 | page 29 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
any, shall be borne by the AMC.
The costs related to Segregated Portfolio shall in no case be charged to the Main Portfolio
Disclosure on Goods & Services Tax:
Goods & Services Tax on investment management and advisory fees shall be in addition to the above
expense. Further, with respect to Goods & Services Tax on other than management and advisory fees:
- Goods & Services Tax on other than investment and advisory fees, if any, shall be borne by the scheme
within the maximum limit of TER as per regulation 52 of the Regulations.
- Goods & Services Tax on exit load, if any, shall be paid out of the exit load proceeds and exit load net
of Goods & Services Tax, if any, shall be credited to the scheme.
- Goods & Services Tax on brokerage and transaction cost paid for asset purchases, if any, shall be
within the limit prescribed under regulation 52 of the Regulations.
29

=== S06-024 | page 30 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
For the actual current expenses being charged to the Scheme, the investor should refer to the website of
the mutual fund https://www.growwmf.in/downloads/expense-ratio. Any change proposed to the current
expense ratio will be updated on the website at least three working days prior to the change.
As per the Regulations, the total recurring expenses that can be charged to the Scheme in this Scheme
information document shall be subject to the applicable guidelines. The total recurring expenses of the
Scheme, will, however, be limited to the ceilings as prescribed under Regulation 52(6) of the Regulations.
D. LOAD STRUCTURE
Exit Load is an amount which is paid by the investor to redeem the units from the scheme. Load amounts are
variable and are subject to change from time to time. For the current applicable structure, please refer to the
website of the AMC (https://www.growwmf.in/downloads/fact-sheet) or may call at 8050180222) or your
distributor or write to us at support@growwmf.in.
Type of Load Load chargeable (as %age of NAV)
Exit Load a) 1% if redeemed/ switched out within 1 year from the date of allotment.
b) NIL, if redeemed/ switched out after 1 year from the date of allotment
The AMC reserves the right to introduce a Load and change the Load structure any time in future if they
so deem fit on a prospective basis. The investor is requested to check the prevailing load structure of the
scheme before investing.
In case of changes/modifications of load, the AMC will endeavor to do the following:
1. An addendum will be attached to the Scheme Information Document and Key Information
Memorandum. The same may be circulated to brokers/distributors so that the same can be attached to
all SIDs and abridged SID in stock.
2. Arrangement will be made to display the changes/modifications in the SID in the form of a notice in all
the official point of acceptance of transactions.
Note: The levy of Exit Load in case of switch transactions from Regular Plan to Direct Plan has been
discontinued with effect from April 23, 2025.
30

=== S06-025 | page 34 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
Risks associated with investing in Derivatives
Derivative products are leveraged instruments and can provide disproportionate gains as well as disproportionate
losses to the investor. Execution of such strategies depends upon the ability of the fund manager to identify such
opportunities. Identification and execution of the strategies to be pursued by the fund manager involve uncertainty
and decision of fund manager may not always be profitable. No assurance can be given that the fund manager will
be able to identify or execute such strategies. The risks associated with the use of derivatives are different from or
possibly greater than the risks associated with investing directly in securities and other traditional investments. The
use of a derivative requires an understanding not only of the underlying instrument but also of the derivative itself.
Derivatives require the maintenance of adequate controls to monitor the transactions entered into, the ability to
assess the risk that a derivative adds to the portfolio and the ability to forecast price or interest rate movements
correctly. Other risks include risk of mispricing or improper valuation and the inability of the derivative to correlate
perfectly with underlying assets, rates and indices, illiquidity risk whereby the Scheme may not be able to sell or
purchase derivative quickly enough at a fair price.
9. Risks associated with Securities Lending
For Equity Instruments:
As with other modes of extensions of credit, there are risks inherent to securities lending. During the period the
security is lent, the Scheme may not be able to sell such security and in turn cannot protect from the falling market
price of the said security. Under the current securities lending and borrowing mechanism, the Scheme can call back
the securities lent any time before the maturity date of securities lending contract. However, this will be again the
function of liquidity in the market and if there are no lenders in the specified security, the Scheme may not be able
to call back the security and in the process, the Scheme will be exposed to price volatility. Moreover, the fees paid
for calling back the security may be more than the lending fees earned by Scheme at the time of lending the said
security and this could result in loss to the Scheme. Also, during the period the security is lent, the Fund will not be
able to exercise the voting rights attached to the security as the security will not be registered in the name of the
Scheme in the records of the Depository/issuer.
For Debt Instruments:

=== S06-026 | page 42 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
recognized as a market maker by RBI and exposure to a single counterparty in such transactions shall not exceed
10% of the net assets of the scheme. However, if mutual funds are transacting in IRS through an electronic trading
platform offered by the Clearing Corporation of India Ltd. (CCIL) and CCIL is the central counterparty for such
transactions guaranteeing settlement, the single counterparty limit of 10% shall not be applicable.
6 Exposure due to derivative positions taken for hedging purposes in excess of the underlying position against which
the hedging position has been taken, shall be treated under gross cumulative exposure limits mentioned under Point1.
Apart from the investment restrictions prescribed under SEBI (MF) Regulations, the Fund does not follow any
internal norms vis-a-vis limiting exposure to a particular scrip or sector etc.
C. Fundamental Attributes
Following are the Fundamental Attributes of the scheme, in terms of Clause 1.14 of SEBI Master
Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024:
i. Type of a scheme
An open-ended equity scheme investing across large-cap, mid-cap, and small-cap stocks
ii. Investment Objective
o Main Objective – Please refer to Part I. V ie “Investment Objective” mentioned under “Highlights/Summary
of the Scheme”
42

=== S06-027 | page 43 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
o Investment pattern – Please refer to Part II.A “HOW WILL THE SCHEME ALLOCATE ITS
ASSETS?”
iii. Terms of Issue –
o Liquidity provisions such as listing, repurchase, redemption - Please refer to the Part I
o Aggregate fees and expenses charged to the scheme: Please refer to the section Part II Other details
o Any safety net or guarantee provided: None
In accordance with Regulation 18(15A) of the SEBI (MF) Regulations and Clause 1.14.1.4 of SEBI Master
Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024 the Trustees shall ensure that no change in the fundamental
attributes of the Scheme(s) and the Plan(s) / Option(s) thereunder or the trust or fee and expenses payable
or any other change which would modify the Scheme(s) and the Plan(s) / Option(s) thereunder and affect
the interests of Unitholders is carried out unless:
• SEBI has reviewed and provided its comments on the proposal
• A written communication about the proposed change is sent to each Unitholder and an advertisement is
given in one English daily newspaper having nationwide circulation as well as in a newspaper published in
the language of the region where the Head Office of the Mutual Fund is situated; and
• The Unitholders are given an option for a period of atleast 30 calendar days to exit at the prevailing Net
Asset Value without any exit load.
D. INDEX METHODOLOGY (FOR INDEX FUNDS, ETFS AND FOFS HAVING ONE UNDERLYING
DOMESTIC ETF): Not Applicable
E. PRINCIPLES OF INCENTIVE STRUCTURE FOR MARKET MAKERS (FOR ETFS): Not
Applicable
F. Floors and ceiling within a range of 5% of the intended allocation against each sub class of
asset, as per clause 13.6.2 of SEBI master circular for mutual funds dated June 27, 2024–
Not Applicable
G. Other Scheme Specific Disclosures:
Listing and transfer of units The Scheme being an open-ended Scheme under which the
Units are available for Subscription and Redemption on an
ongoing basis on all the Business Days, the Units of the Scheme
are not proposed to be listed on any stock exchange.
However, the AMC/ Trustee reserves the right to list the Units
of the Scheme as and when the AMC/ Trustee considers it
necessary in the interest of Unit holders of the Scheme.
There are no restrictions on transfer of Units of the Scheme
whether held in Statement of Account (physical) mode or
dematerialised mode. Further, the Units held in dematerialized
form can be transferred and transmitted in accordance with
the provisions of SEBI (Depositories and Participants)

=== S06-028 | page 44 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
production of such satisfactory evidence and submission of such
documents, proceed to effect the transfer, if the intended
transferee is otherwise eligible to hold the Units of the Scheme.
The said provisions in respect of deletion of names will not be
applicable in case of death of a Unit holder (in respect of joint
holdings) as this is treated as transmission of Units and not
transfer.
Dematerialization of units The Scheme offers option to hold units in electronic (demat)
mode. Accordingly, the Units of the Scheme will be available in
dematerialized (electronic) form. The option to hold units in
electronic (demat) mode is not available for plans/options where
the IDCW frequency is less than one month. The applicant
intending to hold Units in dematerialized form will be required
to have a beneficiary account with a Depository Participant (DP)
of NSDL/CDSL and will be required to mention in the
application form DP Name, DP ID and Beneficiary Account
Number with the DP at the time of subscribing Units of the
Schemes.
In case Unit holders do not provide their demat account details
or the demat details provided in the application form are
incomplete / incorrect or do not match with the details with the
Depository records, the Units will be allotted in account
statement mode provided the application is otherwise complete
in all respect. Further, if the Units cannot be allotted in demat
mode due to reason that KYC details including IPV is not
updated with DP, the Units will be allotted in non-demat mode
subject to compliance with necessary KYC provisions and the
application is otherwise complete in all respect.
Minimum Target amount The Scheme had collected the minimum target amount during
(This is the minimum amount the NFO.
required to operate the scheme and if
this is not collected during the NFO
period, then all the investors would
be refunded the amount invested
without any return.)
Maximum Amount to be raised (if There was no upper limit on the total amount that may be
any) collected.
Dividend Polic y ( IDCW ) The Trustee will endeavor to declare IDCW under the IDCW
Option, subject to availability of distributable surplus
calculated in accordance with the Regulations.
IDCW distribution procedure:
In accordance with Chapter 11 of SEBI Master Circular for
Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, the procedure for IDCW
distribution will be as follows:
1. Quantum of IDCW and record date shall be fixed by the
Board of Trustees. IDCW so decided shall be paid, subject to

=== S06-029 | page 48 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
and number, etc. to the Mutual Fund. Applications without
complete bank details shall be rejected. The AMC will not be
responsible for any loss arising out of fraudulent encashment
of cheques / warrants and / or any delay / loss in transit. Also,
please refer to point on Registration of Multiple Bank
Accounts in respect of an Investor Folio given elsewhere in
this document.
The policy regarding reissue of Not Applicable
repurchased units, including the
maximum extent, the manner of Units once redeemed will not be reissued.
reissue, the entity (the scheme or the
AMC) involved in the same.
Restrictions, if any, on the right to The Mutual Fund will be repurchasing (subject to completion of
freely retain or dispose of units being lock-in period, if any) and issuing units of the Scheme on an
offered. ongoing basis and hence the transfer facility is found redundant.
Any addition / deletion of name from the folio of the Unit holder
is deemed as transfer of Units. In view of the same, additions /
deletions of names will not be allowed under any folio of the
Scheme. The said provisions in respect of deletion of names will
not be applicable in case of death of a Unit holder (in respect of
joint holdings) as this is treated as transmission (transfer of units
by operation of law) of Units and not transfer. Units of the
Scheme held in demat form shall be freely transferable (subject
to lock-in period, if any) and will be subject to transmission
facility in accordance with the provisions of the SEBI
(Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 1996 as amended
from time to time. Also, when a person becomes a holder of the
units by operation of law or upon enforcement of pledge, then
the AMC shall, subject to production/submission of such
satisfactory evidence, which in its opinion is sufficient, effect
the transfer, if the intended transferee is otherwise eligible to
hold the units.
RIGHT TO RESTRICT REDEMPTION AND / OR
SUSPEND REDEMPTION OF THE UNITS:
The Fund at its sole discretion reserves the right to restrict
Redemption (including switchout) of the Units (including Plan
/Option) of the Scheme of the Fund upon occurrence of the
below mentioned events for a period not exceeding ten (10)
working days in any ninety (90) days period subject to approval
of the Board of Directors of the AMC and the Trustee. The
restriction on Redemption (including switch-out) shall be
applicable where the Redemption (including switch-out) request

=== S06-030 | page 50 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
any delay on account of banking clearance or circumstances
which are beyond the control of AMC.
3. The provisions for applicability of NAV based on realization
of funds will be applicable to all types of investment including
various systematic investments routes (viz, SIP, STP, DTP etc.)
as may be offered by the Scheme from time to time.
Applicable NAV for Redemption/ Switch outs
a) where the application received upto 3.00 pm – closing NAV
of the day of receipt of application; and
b) an application received after 3.00 pm – closing NAV of the
next business day.
Further, where the AMC or the Registrar has provided a facility
to the investors to redeem /switch-out of the Scheme through the
medium of Internet by logging onto specific web-sites or any
other facilities offered by the AMC and where investors have
signed up for using these facilities, the Applicable NAVs will be
as provided above.
Technical issues when transactions are processed through
online facilities/ electronic modes:
The time of transaction done through various online facilities /
electronic modes offered by the AMC, for the purpose of
determining the applicability of NAV, would be the time when
the request for purchase / SIP/ sale / switch of units is received
in the servers of AMC/RTA. In case of transactions through
online facilities / electronic modes, there may be a time lag of
few seconds or upto 1-7 banking days between the amount of
subscription being debited to investor's bank account and the
subsequent credit into the respective Scheme's bank account.
This lag may impact the applicability of NAV for transactions
where NAV is to be applied, based on actual realization of
funds by the Scheme. Under no circumstances will Groww
Asset Management Limited or its bankers or its service
providers be liable for any lag / delay in realization of funds
and consequent pricing of units. The AMC has the right to
amend cut off timings subject to SEBI (MF) Regulations for
the smooth and efficient functioning of the Scheme.
Representation of SIP transaction which have failed due to
technical reasons will also follow same rule.
Minimum amount for Ongoing: Rs.500 and in multiples of Re. 1
purchase/redemption/switches Switch-in amount: Rs.500 and in multiples of Re.1.
The minimum subscription limits for new purchases/additional
purchases will apply to each Option separately.
Minimum Redemption Amount:
The minimum redemption amount shall be Rs. 500 and in
multiples of Re. 1
In case, if the investor wants to submit redemption in units, the

=== S06-031 | page 51 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
In case the available balance in folio is less than the minimum
redemption amount/units, then the investor can submit a
request for "All units/Full redemption" of the amount / units
available in folio.
If the redemption is received in "Units" or "Amount" and
reported Units/Amount are more than available units/amount in
the folio then it will be considered as full unit/amount
redemption.
Please note this will not be applicable for units under pledge
and demat folios.
The AMC reserves the right to change the minimum amounts
for various purchase / redemption/ switch. Such changes shall
only be applicable to transactions on a prospective basis.
Accounts Statements The AMC shall send an allotment confirmation specifying the
units allotted by way of email and/or SMS within 5 working
days of receipt of valid application/transaction to the Unit
holders registered e-mail address and/ or mobile number
(whether units are held in demat mode or in account statement
form).
A Consolidated Account Statement (CAS) detailing all the
transactions across all mutual funds (including transaction
charges paid to the distributor) and holding at the end of the
month shall be sent to the Unit holders in whose folio(s)
transaction(s) have taken place during the month. The monthly
CAS will be dispatched to investors that have opted for delivery
via electronic mode (e-CAS) within twelve (12) days from the
month end and to investors that have opted for delivery via
physical mode within fifteen (15) days from the month end.
Half-yearly CAS shall be issued at the end of every six months
(i.e. September/ March) to all investors providing the
prescribed details across all schemes of mutual funds and
securities held in dematerialized form across demat accounts,
if applicable. The CAS will be dispatched to investors that have
opted for e-CAS on or before the eighteenth (18th) day of April
and October and to investors that have opted for delivery via
physical mode by the twenty first (21st) day of April and
October.
For further details, refer SAI.
Dividend/ IDCW The IDCW warrants shall be dispatched to the unit holders
within 7 working days of the date of declaration of IDCW.
In case of Unit Holder having a bank account with certain
banks with which the Mutual Fund would have made
arrangements from time to time, the IDCW proceeds shall be
directly credited to their account.
The IDCW will be paid by warrant and payments will be
made in favor of the Unit holder (registered holder of the

=== S06-032 | page 52 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
furnished to the Mutual Fund (please note that it is mandatory
for the Unit holders to provide the Bank account details as per
the directives of SEBI).
Further, the IDCW proceeds may be paid by way of
ECS/EFT/NEFT/RTGS/any other manner through which the
investor’s bank account specified in the Registrar & Transfer
Agent’s records is credited with the IDCW proceeds as per
the instructions of the Unit holders.
In case the delay is beyond 7 working days, then the AMC
shall pay interest @ 15% p.a. from the expiry of 7 working
days till the date of dispatch of the warrant.
Redemption The redemption or repurchase proceeds shall be dispatched to
the unitholders within three working days from the date of
redemption or repurchase.
For list of exceptional circumstances refer para 14.1.3 of
SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024
Bank Mandate It is mandatory for every applicant to provide the name of the
bank, branch, address, account type and number as per SEBI
requirements and any Application Form without these details
will be treated as incomplete. Such incomplete applications will
be rejected. The Registrar / AMC may ask the investor to
provide a blank cancelled cheque or its photocopy for the
purpose of verifying the bank account number.
Delay in payment of redemption /
The Asset Management Company shall be liable to pay
repurchase proceeds/dividend
interest to the unitholders at rate as specified vide clause 14.2
of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27,
2024 by SEBI for the period of such delay
Unclaimed Redemption and Income As per the Clause 14.3 of SEBI Master Circular dated June 27,
Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal 2024, the unclaimed Redemption and dividend amounts shall be
Amount deployed by the Fund in call money market or money market
instruments and in a separate plan of Liquid scheme / Money
Market Mutual Fund scheme floated by Mutual Funds
specifically for deployment of the unclaimed amounts. The
investment management fee charged by the AMC for managing
such unclaimed amounts shall not exceed 50 basis points.
The AMCs shall not be permitted to charge any exit load in this
plan. Provided that such schemes where the unclaimed
redemption and IDCW amounts are deployed shall be only those
Overnight scheme/ Liquid scheme / Money Market Mutual Fund
schemes which are placed in A-1 cell (Relatively Low Interest
Rate Risk and Relatively Low Credit Risk) of Potential Risk
Class matrix. The investors who claim these amounts during a

=== S06-033 | page 53 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
their unclaimed amounts. The website of Groww Mutual Fund
also provides information on the process of claiming the
unclaimed amount and the necessary forms / documents
required for the same. The details of such unclaimed amounts
are also disclosed in the annual report sent to the Unit Holders.
Important Note: All applicants must provide a bank name, bank
account number, branch address, and account type in the
Application Form.
Disclosure w.r.t investment by minors As per Para 17.6 of SEBI Master Circular No.
SEBI/HO/IMD/IMD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/90 dated June 27,
2024 read with SEBI Circular dated May 12, 2023, the following
Process for Investments in the name of a Minor through a
Guardian will be applicable:
a. Payment for investment by any mode shall be accepted from
the bank account of the minor, parent or legal guardian of the
minor, or from a joint account of the minor with parent or legal
guardian. For existing folios, the AMCs shall insist upon a
Change of Pay-out Bank mandate before redemption is
processed.
b. Redemption proceeds shall be credited only in verified bank
account of the minor, i.e the account the minor may hold with
the parent/legal guardian after completing KYC formalities.
c. Upon the minor attaining the status of major, the minor in
whose name the investment was made, shall be required to
provide all the KYC details, updated bank account details
including cancelled original cheque leaf of the new account. No
further transactions shall be allowed till the status of the minor
is changed to major.
d. AMCs shall build a system control at the account set up stage
of Systematic Investment Plan (SIP), Systematic Transfer Plan
(STP) and Systematic Withdrawal Plan (SWP) on the basis of
which, the standing instruction is suspended when the minor
attains majority, till the status is changed to major.
Please refer SAI for detailed process on investments made in the
name of a Minor through a Guardian and Transmission of Units.
53

=== S06-034 | page 54 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
III. Other Details
A. In case of Fund of Funds Scheme, Details of Benchmark, Investment Objective, Investment Strategy,
TER, AUM, Year wise performance, Top 10 Holding/ link to Top 10 holding of the underlying fund
should be provided – Not Applicable
B. Periodic Disclosures such as Half yearly disclosures, half yearly results, annual report
• Portfolio / Financial Results: This is a list of securities where the corpus of the scheme is currently
invested. The market value of these investments is also stated in portfolio disclosures.
The Mutual Fund shall within one month of the close of each half year i.e., 31st March and 30th September,
upload the soft copy of its unaudited financial results containing the details specified in Regulation 59 on
its website and shall publish an advertisement disclosing uploading of such financial results on its website,
in one English newspaper having nationwide circulation and in one regional newspaper circulating in the
region where the head office of the Mutual Fund is situated.
Further, the mutual fund shall also disclose the debt and money market securities transacted (including inter
scheme transfers) in schemes portfolio on daily basis with a time lag of 15 days.
The Mutual Fund shall disclose the scheme portfolios as on the last day of the month/ as on the last day of
every half year ended March and September within 10 days from the close of each month / half-year
respectively. Further, the Mutual Fund shall also disclose portfolio of the scheme on a fortnightly basis
within 5 days from the end of the fortnight. The disclosure shall be on https://growwmf.in/statutory-
disclosure/portfolio (Fortnightly/Monthly), https://growwmf.in/financials/half-yearly-unaudited-financials-
&-portfolio (Half Yearly) and www.amfiindia.com. The AMC shall send via email the fortnightly statement
of scheme portfolio within 5 days from the close of each fortnight and the monthly and half-yearly statement
of scheme portfolio within 10 days from the close of each month / half-year respectively.
Mutual Fund shall publish an advertisement every half-year disclosing the hosting of the half-yearly
statement of its schemes portfolio on its website and on the website of AMFI. Such advertisement shall be
published in the all India edition of at least two daily newspapers, one each in English and Hindi. Mutual
Fund shall provide a physical copy of the statement of its scheme portfolio, without charging any cost, on
specific request received from a unitholder.
Annual Report: As required by the SEBI Regulations, the Fund will mail the scheme wise annual report or

=== S06-035 | page 83 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
Investment Manager: Groww Asset Management Ltd. (CIN-U65991KA2008PLC180894)
Corporate Office: 505 - 5th Floor, Tower 2B, One World Centre, Jupiter Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg, Near
Prabhadevi Railway Station Prabhadevi (W), Mumbai – 400013
Registered Office: Vaishnavi Tech Park, South Tower, 3rd Floor, Survey No.16/1 and 17/2, Ambalipura Village, Varthur
Hobli, Bellandur, Bangalore South, Bangalore- 560103, Karnataka, India
Notice cum addendum no. 50/2025 – 2026
Notice Cum Addendum to Statement of Additional Information (‘SAI’) of Groww Mutual Fund (‘the Fund’),
Scheme Information Document (SID) and Key Information Memorandum (KIM) of the scheme(s) of the Fund.
A. Change in designation of Key Personnel
Investors/Unitholders are requested to note that Mr. Gagan Thareja [currently designated as Head of Research (Equity)]
shall be re-designated to ‘Fund Manager & Head of Research (Equity)’ with effect from January 20, 2026.
The relevant details shall be updated in the section ‘Information on Key Personnel” of the Asset Management Company’
of the SAI of the Fund.
B. Change in Fund Management Responsibilities of the scheme(s) of the Fund
Investors/Unitholders are requested to note that, pursuant to internal re-structuring, the Fund Management Responsibilities
of the following scheme(s) of the Fund, shall be changed as under, with effect from January 20, 2026.
Sr. Scheme(s) Name Existing Fund Manager(s) Revised Fund Manager (s)
No.
1. Groww Large Cap Fund • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity) • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity)
(Large Cap Fund- An open- • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant
ended equity scheme Fund Manager-Equity) Fund Manager-Equity)
predominantly investing in • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Fund Manager-
large cap stocks) Equity)
2. Groww Value Fund (An • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity) • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Fund Manager -
open-ended equity scheme • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant Equity)
following a value investment Fund Manager-Equity) • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant
strategy) Fund Manager-Equity)
• Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity)
3. Groww Multicap Fund (An • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity) • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity)
open-ended equity scheme • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant
investing across large-cap, Fund Manager-Equity) Fund Manager-Equity)
mid-cap, and small-cap • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Fund Manager-
stocks) Equity)
4. Groww Banking & Financial • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity)
Services Fund (An open Equity) • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant
ended equity scheme • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee Fund Manager- Equity)
investing in banking and (Assistant Fund Manager- Equity) • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Fund Manager-
financial services related Equity)
sectors)

=== S06-036 | page 83 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
4. Groww Banking & Financial • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity)
Services Fund (An open Equity) • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant
ended equity scheme • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee Fund Manager- Equity)
investing in banking and (Assistant Fund Manager- Equity) • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Fund Manager-
financial services related Equity)
sectors)
5. Groww Aggressive Hybrid • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity) • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head- Equity)
Fund (An open-ended hybrid • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Assistant
scheme investing Fund Manager-Equity) Fund Manager-Equity)
predominantly in equity and • Mr. Kaustubh Sule (Fund Manager- • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Fund Manager-
equity related instruments) Fixed Income) Equity
• Mr. Kaustubh Sule (Fund Manager-
Fixed Income)
For details pertaining to age, qualification and brief experience of these Fund Managers/ Key Personnel, please refer the
SAI of the Fund available at https://growwmf.in.

=== S06-037 | page 84 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
Relevant details of the aforesaid Fund Managers (wherever applicable) shall also be inserted in the section ‘Who Manages
the Scheme?’ in the SID and KIM of the scheme(s) of the Fund.
This Notice cum addendum forms an integral part of the SAI, SID and KIM of scheme (s). All other terms and conditions
as mentioned in SAI, SID and KIM of scheme(s) shall remain unchanged.
As per the Go Green Initiative, investors are encouraged to register/update their email id and mobile number with us to
support paper less communications.
For Groww Asset Management Ltd.
Investment Manager to Groww Mutual Fund
Sd/-
Place: Mumbai
Authorised Signatory
Date: January 19, 2026
MUTUAL FUND INVESTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO MARKET RISKS, READ ALL SCHEME RELATED
DOCUMENTS CAREFULLY.

=== S06-038 | page 87 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
Additionally, fresh subscription shall be discontinued in the Monthly, Quarterly, Half – yearly frequency in the IDCW
Options having IDCW Re-investment Facility and IDCW Pay-out Facility of both Direct and Regular plans in the
following schemes of the Fund from the effective date:
Sr. no. Scheme(s) Name
1. Groww Large cap Fund
2. Groww Value Fund
3. Groww Aggressive Hybrid Fund
Investors are requested to note that, the above facility(ies) are discontinued through all modes such as Lump Sum mode
(including Switches) and fresh registration of Systematic Investment Plan (SIP) and/or Systematic Transfer Plan (STP)
registration, special products/features like IDCW sweep facility in the aforementioned schemes from the effective date.
The AMC shall continue processing the existing instalments of SIP/STP/ other
systematic transaction /special facility subject to the conditions specified in the SIDs of
the aforesaid schemes, registered prior to the effective date.
This Notice cum addendum forms an integral part of the SID and KIM of the aforesaid scheme(s). All other terms and
conditions as mentioned in SID and KIM of the scheme(s) shall remain unchanged.
As per the Go Green Initiative, investors are encouraged to register/update their email id and mobile number with us to
support paper less communications.
For Groww Asset Management Ltd.
Investment Manager to Groww Mutual Fund
Sd/-
Place: Mumbai
Authorised Signatory
Date: June 29, 2026
MUTUAL FUND INVESTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO MARKET RISKS, READ ALL SCHEME RELATED
DOCUMENTS CAREFULLY.

=== S06-039 | page 90 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
Investment Manager: Groww Asset Management Ltd. (CIN- U65991KA2008PLC180894)
Corporate Office: 505 – 5th Floor, Tower 2 B, One World Centre, Jupiter Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg,
Near Prabhadevi Railway Station Prabhadevi (W), Mumbai – 400013
Registered Office: Vaishnavi Tech Park, South Tower, 3rd Floor, Survey No.16/1 and 17/2, Ambalipura Village,
Varthur Hobli, Bellandur, Bangalore South, Bangalore- 560103, Karnataka, India
Notice cum Addendum No. 25/2026- 2027
Notice cum Addendum to the Scheme Information Document (SID), Key Information Memorandum (KIM)
of the scheme(s) and Statement of Additional Information (“SAI”) of Groww Mutual Fund (‘the Fund’).
A. Resignation of Key Personnel:
Investors are requested to note that, Mr. Gagan Thareja, ceased to be Fund Manager (Equity) & Head of Research
(Equity) and a Key Personnel of Groww Asset Management Limited (GAML) with effect from the close of business
hours of September 09, 2026.
Accordingly, all references of Mr. Gagan Thareja in the SAI of the Fund and SID(s) and KIM(S) of the concerned
scheme(s) of the Fund shall stands deleted effective the aforesaid date.
B. Change in Fund Management Responsibilities of the scheme(s) of the Fund:
Investors/Unitholders are requested to note that, pursuant to resignation of Mr. Gagan Thareja from the services of
GAML, the Fund Management Responsibilities in the following scheme(s) of the Fund, shall be changed as under,
with effect from September 10, 2026:
Scheme(s) Name Existing Fund Manager(s) New Fund Manager(s)
Groww Small Cap Fund (An • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of
open ended equity scheme Equity) Equity)
predominantly investing in • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Head of • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior
small cap stocks) Research - Equity and Fund Research Analyst & Fund Manager
Manager) – Equity)
• Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior • Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager &
Research Analyst & Fund Dealer – Equity)
Manager – Equity)
• Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager
& Dealer – Equity)
Groww Large Cap Fund (An • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of
open ended equity scheme Equity) Equity)
predominantly investing in • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Head of • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior
large cap stocks) Research - Equity and Fund Research Analyst & Fund Manager
Manager) – Equity)
• Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior • Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager &
Research Analyst & Fund Dealer – Equity)
Manager – Equity)
• Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager
& Dealer – Equity)

=== S06-040 | page 91 | Groww Multicap Fund ===
Groww Value Fund (An • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of
open ended equity scheme Equity) Equity)
following a value investment • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Head of • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior
strategy) Research - Equity and Fund Research Analyst & Fund Manager
Manager) – Equity)
• Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior • Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager &
Research Analyst & Fund Dealer – Equity)
Manager – Equity)
• Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager
& Dealer – Equity)
Groww Multicap Fund (An • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of
open-ended equity scheme Equity) Equity)
investing across large-cap, • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Head of • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior
mid-cap, and small-cap Research - Equity and Fund Research Analyst & Fund Manager
stocks) Manager) – Equity)
• Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior • Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager &
Research Analyst & Fund Dealer – Equity)
Manager – Equity)
• Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager
& Dealer – Equity)
Groww Banking & Financial • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of
Services Fund Equity) Equity)
(An open ended equity • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Head of • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior
scheme investing in banking Research - Equity and Fund Research Analyst & Fund Manager
and financial services related Manager) – Equity)
sectors) • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior • Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager &
Research Analyst & Fund Dealer – Equity)
Manager – Equity)
• Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager
& Dealer – Equity)
This Notice cum addendum forms an integral part of the SID, KIM of the aforesaid scheme(s) and SAI of the Fund. All
other terms and conditions as mentioned in SID, KIM of the scheme(s) and SAI of the Fund shall remain unchanged.
As per the Go Green Initiative, investors are encouraged to register/update their email id and mobile number with us
to support paper less communications.
For Groww Asset Management Ltd.
Investment Manager to Groww Mutual Fund
Sd/- Place: Mumbai
Authorised Signatory Date: September 09, 2026
MUTUAL FUND INVESTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO MARKET RISKS, READ ALL SCHEME
RELATED DOCUMENTS CAREFULLY.

