=== S07-001 | page 1 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
SCHEME INFORMATION DOCUMENT
GROWW ELSS TAX SAVER FUND
(An open ended equity linked saving scheme with a statutory lock in of 3 years and tax benefit.)
This product is suitable Scheme Riskometer Benchmark Riskometer
for investors who are
seeking*
• The investment As per AMFI Tier I Benchmark
objective of the Nifty 500 - TRI
Scheme is to generate
long-term capital
appreciation from a
diversified portfolio of
predominantly equity
and equity-related
Securities
• An ELSS Scheme
offering tax benefits
under Section 80C of
the Income Tax Act
The Scheme Risk-o-meter is at Very High Benchmark Risk-o-meter is at Very High
Risk. Risk.
*Investors should consult their financial advisers if in doubt about whether the product is suitable for them.
Continuous offer for Units at NAV based prices
Name of Mutual Fund Groww Mutual Fund
Groww Asset Management Limited CIN: U65991KA2008PLC180894
Registered Office: Vaishnavi Tech Park, South Tower, 3rd Floor, Survey
Name of Asset Management Company
No.16/1 and 17/2, Ambalipura Village, Varthur Hobli, Bellandur,
Bangalore South, Bangalore- 560103, Karnataka, India
Groww Trustee Limited CIN: U65991KA2008PLC183561
Registered Office: Vaishnavi Tech Park, South Tower, 3rd Floor, Survey
Name of Trustee Company
No.16/1 and 17/2, Ambalipura Village, Varthur Hobli, Bellandur,
Bangalore South, Bangalore- 560103, Karnataka, India.
505 – 5th Floor, Tower 2B, One World Centre, Near Prabhadevi Railway
Address Station, Lower Parel, Mumbai – 400013, Maharashtra, Tele-+91 22
69744435
Website of the entities www.growwmf.in
The particulars of the Scheme have been prepared in accordance with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Mutual
Funds) Regulations 1996, (herein after referred to as SEBI (MF) Regulations) as amended till date and circulars issued
thereunder filed with SEBI, along with a Due Diligence Certificate from the AMC. The units being offered for public
subscription have not been approved or recommended by SEBI nor has SEBI certified the accuracy or adequacy of the
Scheme Information Document.
1

=== S07-002 | page 3 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE
NO.
SECTION I
I. HIGHLIGHTS / SUMMARY OF THE SCHEME 4
II. INFORMATION ABOUT SCHEME 18
A. HOW WILL SCHEME ALLOCATE ITS ASSESTS 18
B. WHERE WILL THE SCHEME INVEST 19
C. WHAT ARE THE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES 21
D. HOW WILL THE SCHEME BENCHMARK ITS PERFORMANCE 22
E. WHO MANAGES THE SCHEME? 22
F. HOW IS THE SCHEME DIFFERENT FROM EXISTING SCHEMES OF THE MUTUAL FUND? 23
G. HOW HAS THE SCHEME PERFORMED 23
H. ADDITIONAL SCHEME RELATED DISCLOSURES 24
III. OTHER DETAILS 25
A. COMPUTATION OF NAV 25
B. NEW FUND OFFER (NFO) EXPENSES 26
C. ANNUAL SCHEME RECURRING EXPENSES 26
D. LOAD STRUCTURE 30
SECTION II. 31
I. INTRODUCTION 31
A. DEFINITION & INTERPRETATION 31
B. RISK FACTORS 31
C. RISK MITIGATION STRATEGIES 34
II. INFORMATION ABOUT SCHEME 35
A. WHERE WILL THE SCHEME INVEST? 35
B. WHAT ARE THE INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS? 37
C. FUNDAMENTAL ATTRIBUTES 40
D. INDEX METHODOLOGY (FOR INDEX FUNDS, ETFS AND FOFS HAVING ONE UNDERLYING DOMESTIC ETF) 41
E. PRINCIPLES OF INCENTIVE STRUCTURE FOR MARKET MAKERS (FOR ETFS) 41
F. FLOORS AND CEILING WITHIN A RANGE OF 5% OF THE INTENDED ALLOCATION AGAINST EACH SUB CLASS OF ASSET 41
G. OTHER SCHEME SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES 41
III. OTHER DETAILS 50
A. IN CASE OF FUND OF FUNDS SCHEME, DETAILS OF BENCHMARK, INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE, INVESTMENT 50
STRATEGY, TER, AUM, YEAR WISE PERFORMANCE, TOP 10 HOLDING/ LINK TO TOP 10 HOLDING OF THE
UNDERLYING FUND SHOULD BE PROVIDED
B. PERIODIC DISCLOSURES SUCH AS HALF YEARLY DISCLOSURES, HALF YEARLY RESULTS, ANNUAL REPORT 50
C. TRANSPARENCY/NAV DISCLOSURE 51
D. TRANSACTION CHARGES AND STAMP DUTY 51
E. ASSOCIATE TRANSACTIONS 51
F. TAXATION 51
G. RIGHTS OF UNITHOLDERS 54
H. LIST OF OFFICIAL POINTS OF ACCEPTANCE 54
I. PENALTIES, PENDING LITIGATION OR PROCEEDINGS, FINDINGS OF INSPECTIONS OR INVESTIGATIONS FOR WHICH 54
ACTION MAY HAVE BEEN TAKEN OR IS IN THE PROCESS OF BEING TAKEN BY ANY REGULATORY AUTHORITY
3

=== S07-003 | page 4 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
SECTION I
Part I. HIGHLIGHTS/SUMMARY OF THE SCHEME
Sr. No. Title Description
I. Name of the Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund
scheme
II. Category of the ELSS Fund
Scheme
III. Scheme type An open ended equity linked saving scheme with a statutory lock in of 3 years
and tax benefit.
IV. Scheme code INDB/O/E/ELS/17/08/0006
V. Investment The investment objective of the Scheme is to generate long-term capital
objective appreciation from a diversified portfolio of predominantly equity and equity-
related Securities. The scheme shall offer tax benefits under Section 80C of
the Income Tax Act. However, there is no assurance that the investment
objective of the Scheme will be realized and the Scheme does not assure or
guarantee any returns.
VI. Liquidity Subject to completion of the lock-in period, the Scheme is open for
repurchase/redemption on all Business Days. The redemption proceeds will
be dispatched to the unitholders within the regulatory time limit of 03 working
days of the receipt of the valid redemption request at the Official Points of
Acceptance of Transactions (OPAT) of the Mutual Fund.
Since units of the Scheme will be offered for subscription and redemption at
NAV based prices on all Business Days on an ongoing basis providing the
Listing details
required liquidity to investors, units of the Scheme are not proposed to be
listed on any stock exchange. However, the Trustee reserves the right to list
the units of the Scheme on any stock exchange(s) at its sole discretion at a later
date.
VII. Benchmark As per AMFI Tier I benchmark: Nifty 500 - TRI.
The Trustees reserve the right to change the benchmark in future if a
benchmark better suited to the investment objective of the Scheme is
available.
VIII. NAV disclosure The AMC will calculate the NAVs for all the Business Days. The Asset
Management Company (“AMC”) shall update the NAVs on the website of
Association of Mutual Funds in India (“AMFI”) (www.amfiindia.com) by
11.00 p.m. every Business Day. The NAV shall also be available on AMC
website (https://www.growwmf.in/nav).
Further Details in Section II.
4

=== S07-004 | page 5 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
IX. Applicable timelines Dispatch of redemption proceeds:
The redemption or repurchase proceeds shall be dispatched to the unit holders
within 03 working days from the date of redemption or repurchase.
• Dispatch of IDCW
The IDCW warrants shall be dispatched to the unitholders within 07 working
days from the record date.
In case of Unit holders having a bank account with certain banks with which
the Mutual Fund would have an arrangement from time to time, the IDCW
proceeds shall be electronically credited to their account.
In case of specific request for IDCW by warrants/cheques/demand drafts or
unavailability of sufficient details with the Fund, the IDCW will be paid by
warrant/cheques/demand drafts and payments will be made in favor of the
unitholder (registered holder of the Unit or, if there are more than one
registered holder, only to the first registered holder) with bank account number
furnished to the Fund.
Please note that it is mandatory for the unitholders to provide the bank account
details as per SEBI guidelines.
X. Plans and Options Plans: The Scheme offers following two plans for investment into the
Plans/Options and sub Scheme:
options under the
Scheme A. Direct: This Plan is suitable for investors who wish to invest directly
in the scheme without routing their investment through any distributor.
Direct shall have lower expense ratio compared to Regular and no
commission shall be paid out of the Direct.
B. Regular: This Plan is suitable for investors who wish to invest in the
Scheme through any distributor. This Plan shall have higher expense
ratio compared to the Direct and distributor commission may be paid out
of this Plan.
IDCW Options:
Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund - Direct Plan- IDCW Option (Payout)
Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund - Regular Plan- IDCW Option (Payout)
Direct and Regular shall have separate NAVs. However, there will be a
common portfolio for both plans. The various options available under
Direct and Regular and the salient features common to both plans are
given below:
Options: The Scheme has the following Options across a common
portfolio:
 Growth Option: This option is suitable for investors who are not
looking for current income but who invest only with the intention of
capital appreciation. However, there can be no assurance of the capital
appreciation.
5

=== S07-005 | page 6 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
 IDCW Option: This option is suitable for investors seeking income
through IDCW declared by the Scheme. Under this Option, the Scheme
will endeavor to declare IDCWs from time to time. The IDCW shall be
dependent on the availability of distributable surplus.
The IDCW option has the following facility:
IDCW Pay-out Facility
IDCW Sweep Facility
In cases where the investor fails to opt for a particular Option at the time
of investment, the default Option will be Growth.
In cases where the investor fails to opt for a particular IDCW facility at
the time of investment, the default Option will be IDCW Pay-out Facility.
The amounts can be distributed under Income Distribution cum capital
withdrawal option (IDCW) out of investors capital (Equalization Reserve),
which is part of sale price that represents realized gains. However, investors
are requested to note that amount (IDCW) distribution under IDCW option
is not guaranteed and subject to availability of distributable surplus.
A clear segregation between income distribution (appreciation on NAV) and
capital distribution (Equalization Reserve) shall be suitably disclosed in the
Consolidated Account Statement provided to the investors, whenever
distributable surplus is distributed.
If IDCW payable under IDCW Payout option is equal to or less than Rs.
250/- then the IDCW would be compulsorily reinvested in the option of the
Scheme.
Uniform disclosure on treatment of applications under "Direct"/
"Regular" Plans:
Scenario Broker Code Plan mentioned Default Plan to be
mentioned by by the investor captured
the investor
1 Not mentioned Not mentioned Direct Plan
2 Not mentioned Direct Direct Plan
3 Not mentioned Regular Direct Plan
4 Mentioned Direct Direct Plan
5 Direct Not Mentioned Direct Plan
6 Direct Regular Direct Plan
7 Mentioned Regular Regular Plan
8 Mentioned Not Mentioned Regular Plan
For detailed disclosure on default plans and options, kindly refer SAI.
6

=== S07-006 | page 7 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
XI. Load Structure Exit load: NIL
XII. Minimum amount for During NFO: The Scheme has already been launched
purchase/ redemption
/ switches On continuous basis:
Rs. 500 and in multiples of Rs. 500 thereafter
Rs. 500 and in multiples of Rs. 500 thereafter (For Systematic Investment
Plan (SIP))
Minimum amount for Daily SIP facility shall be Rs 500/- and in multiples
of Rs 500/- thereof
Minimum Balance Requirements
The minimum balance to be maintained by the investor in the Scheme will
be Rs. 5,000. If in the event of a redemption/ switch-out / SWP, the
outstanding balance falls below the minimum balance required, the AMC
reserves the right to redeem the balance amount/units outstanding.
In case the balance in the account of the unitholder does not cover the
amount of redemption request, then the Mutual Fund is authorized to redeem
all the units in the folio and send the redemption proceeds to the unitholder.
XIII. Minimum Additional Rs. 500 and in multiples of Rs. 500 thereafter.
Purchase Amount
XIV. Minimum Minimum Redemption/switch out amount - The minimum redemption
Redemption/switch amount for all plans will be Rs.500/- and in multiples of Re.1/-
out amount
XV. New Fund Offer The Scheme has already been launched. The date of inception is 28th
(NFO) Period December 2017.
XVI. New Fund Offer Price The Scheme has already been launched
XVII. Segregated The provisions wrt segregated portfolio/side pocketing have not been
portfolio/side included in the SID
pocketing disclosure
XVIII Swing pricing Not applicable since it is an Equity Scheme
disclosure
XIX. Stock lending/short The AMC will follow regulatory restrictions as may be prescribed in carrying
selling on the activities of Stock lending. Such lent stock, while they are on-lending,
will not be available for sale, and this can result in temporary illiquidity.
The Fund Manager may engage in Stock Lending as per following limits:
• Not more than 20% of the net assets of the Scheme can generally be
deployed in Stock Lending.
• Not more than 5% of the net assets of the Scheme can generally be
deployed in Stock Lending to any single counter party.
XX. How to Apply & Investors may obtain Key Information Memorandum (KIM) along with the
Other Details application forms from the AMC offices or Customer Service Centers of the
Registrar or may be downloaded from
7

=== S07-007 | page 9 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
In order to protect confidentiality of information, the service representatives
at the AMC’s branches/ KFin Technologies Limited ISCs may require personal
information of the investor for verification of his identity. The AMC will at all
times endeavor to handle transactions efficiently and to resolve any investor
grievances promptly.
Investor grievances should be addressed to the ISC of the AMC, or at KFin
Technologies Limited’s ISC directly. All grievances received at the ISC of the
AMC will then be forwarded to KFin Technologies Limited, if required, for
necessary action. The complaints will closely be followed up with KFin
Technologies Limited by the AMC to ensure timely redressal and prompt
investor service.
KFin Technologies Ltd.
Selenium,Tower B,
Plot number 31 & 32,
Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally Mandal, Hyderabad-
500032.
The investors are further requested to take note that, pursuant to SEBI Circular
no. SEBI/HO/OIAE/OIAE_IAD-1/P/CIR/2023/145 dated July 31, 2023, read
along with circular dated August 04, 2023, a common Online Dispute
Resolution Portal (“ODR Portal”) has been introduced to provide investors /
unit holders with a mechanism to redress their grievances.
The ODR Portal allows investors / unitholders with additional mechanism to
resolve the grievances through online conciliation and online arbitration. The
link to access ODR Portal is https://smartodr.in/login
XXIII Specific attribute of It is an open-ended Fund, hence not applicable
the scheme
XXIV Special The Special Products / Facilities available under the Scheme, are:
product/facility i. Systematic Investment Plan [SIP]
available during the ii. Systematic Withdrawal Plan [SWP]
NFO and on ongoing iii. IDCW Sweep Facility
iv. Transactions by Email
basis
v. Transactions through Electronic Mode
vi. Additional facility of ‘K-TRACK’
vii. Transactions through Stock Exchange Platform for Mutual Funds
viii. Transactions Through MF Utility ("MFU")
ix. Registration of Multiple Bank Accounts in respect of an Investor
Folio
x. MFCentral as Official Point of Acceptance of Transactions
(OPAT)
Systematic Investment Plan (SIP):
This facility enables investors to save and invest periodically over a longer
period of time. It is a convenient way to “invest as you earn” and affords the
9

=== S07-008 | page 10 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
investor an opportunity to enter the market regularly, thus averaging the
acquisition cost of Units.
SIP Frequency:
SIP Installments and Amount –
Daily – Rs. 500 and in multiples of Rs. 500 thereafter
Weekly – Rs. 500 and in multiples of Rs. 500 thereafter
Monthly – Rs. 500 and in multiples of Rs. 500 thereafter
Quarterly - Rs. 500 and in multiples of Rs. 500 thereafter
Minimum No. of SIP instalments:
Minimum number of installments for each frequency are -
Daily – 180 instalments
Weekly – 24 instalments
Monthly - 12 instalments
Quarterly – 4 instalments
Frequency / Date:
Daily - Every business day
Weekly - 1, 8, 15 & 22
Monthly - Any day between 1st and 28th of the month
Quarterly - Any day between 1st and 28th of the quarter
(In case any of these days fall on a non-business day, the transaction will be
effected on the next business day of the Scheme).
Registration period: There must be at least 30 days between the first SIP
cheque and subsequent due date of Auto Debit [NACH clearing];
In case of the auto debit facility, the default options (where auto debit period,
frequency and SIP date are not indicated) will be as follows:
• SIP auto debit period: The SIP auto debit will continue till 5 years.
• SIP date: 15th of the month (commencing 30 days after the first SIP instalment
date); and
• SIP frequency: Monthly
The load structure prevailing at the time of submission of the SIP application
[whether fresh or extension] will apply for all the instalments indicated in such
application;
All the cheques/ payment instructions [including the first cheque/payment
instruction] shall be of equal amounts in case of SIP applications;
Investors may also choose to invest any lump sum amount along with the first
SIP instalment by way of a single cheque/ payment instruction.
Investors will have the right to discontinue the SIP facility at any time by
sending a written request to any of the Official Point(s) of Acceptance. Notice
of such discontinuance should be received at least 30 days prior to the due date
of the next debit. On receipt of such request, the SIP facility will be terminated.
It is clarified that if the Fund fails to get the proceeds for three consecutive
Instalments out of a continuous series of Instalments submitted at the time of
initiating a SIP), the AMC reserves the right to discontinue the SIP.
10

=== S07-009 | page 11 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
Systematic Withdrawal Plan (SWP)
This facility enables unitholders to withdraw a fixed sum (subject to tax
deduction at source, if applicable) by redemption of units in the unitholder‘s
account at regular intervals through a one-time request.
The conditions for investing in SWP will be as follows:
SWP Frequency : Monthly; Quarterly
Minimum SWP instalment amount:
Monthly: Rs. 500/- and in multiples of Re.1/- thereafter;
Quarterly – Rs.500/- and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter
Minimum No. of SWP instalments:
Monthly - 12 instalments
Quarterly – 4 installments
SWP Dates: 15th of every month as the STP date (in case any of these days fall
on a non-business day, the transaction will be effected on the next business day
of the Scheme).
Registration period: A minimum period of 7 calendar days shall be required for
registration under SWP.
The default options (where the period, frequency and SWP date are not
indicated) will be as follows:
• SWP period: The SWP will continue till 5 years.
• SWP frequency : Monthly
• SWP date: 15th of every month.
If 15th is a holiday, the SWP will be processed on the next business day.
Unit holder may change the amount (but not below the minimum specified
amount) / frequency by giving written notice to any of the Official Point(s) of
Acceptance at least 8 calendar days prior to next SWP execution date.
The SWP may be terminated on a written notice of 8 calendar days by a
unitholder of the Scheme. SWP will be automatically terminated if all units
are liquidated or withdrawn from the Scheme or pledged or upon receipt of
intimation of death of the unitholder.
IDCW Sweep Facility
IDCW Sweep facility shall be in addition to the existing IDCW Payout Option.
Default IDCW Option shall be IDCW Payout.
Under IDCW Sweep Facility, Unit holders can opt for switching the IDCW
earned under any Schemes (Source Scheme) of Groww Mutual Fund into any
other Schemes (Target Scheme) of Groww Mutual Fund. The IDCW (net of
applicable DDT, if any) shall be swept subject to minimum investment
eligibility requirements of the Target Scheme at applicable NAV based prices.
The minimum amount for sweep out to be Rs. 500/-. In case the sweep amount
is less than Rs. 500/-, the IDCW amount shall be reinvested in the Source
scheme. This facility shall be processed on the record date of the IDCW
declared under the Source Scheme. Further, this facility shall not allow for

=== S07-010 | page 11 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
The minimum amount for sweep out to be Rs. 500/-. In case the sweep amount
is less than Rs. 500/-, the IDCW amount shall be reinvested in the Source
scheme. This facility shall be processed on the record date of the IDCW
declared under the Source Scheme. Further, this facility shall not allow for
switch of partial IDCW or switch of IDCW to multiple schemes. In case the
investor fails to specify his preference of Option for the Target scheme into
11

=== S07-011 | page 12 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
which the IDCW has to be swept, Sweep-in amount shall be invested in default
plan / option as mentioned in Scheme Information Document (SID) of Target
scheme.
The Load Structure prevailing at the time of submission of the STP/SWP
application will apply for all the installments indicated in such application.
The AMC reserves the right to introduce STP/SWP at any other frequencies or
on any other dates as the AMC may feel appropriate from time to time.
Transactions by Email:
In order to facilitate quick processing of transaction and / or instruction of
investment of investor the Mutual Fund / AMC / Trustee may (at its sole
discretion and without being obliged in any manner to do so and without being
responsible and /or liable in any manner whatsoever), accept and process any
application, supporting documents and /or instructions submitted by an
investor/ Unit holder by email at growwmf.inv@groww.in and the
investor/Unit holder voluntarily and with full knowledge takes and assumes any
and all risk associated therewith. The Mutual Fund / AMC/ Trustee shall have
no obligation to check or verify the authenticity or accuracy of email purporting
to have been sent by the investor and may act thereon as if the same has been
duly given by the investor.
In all cases the investor will have to immediately submit the original documents
/ instruction to AMC/ Mutual Fund/ Official Points of Acceptance unless
indemnified by the investor.
Transactions through Electronic Mode:
The Mutual Fund may (at its sole discretion and without being obliged in any
manner to do so and without being responsible and/ or liable in any manner
whatsoever), allow transactions in Units by electronic mode (web/ electronic
transactions) including transactions through the various websites with which
the AMC would have an arrangement from time to time. Subject to the investor
fulfilling certain terms and conditions as stipulated by AMC from time to time,
the AMC, Mutual Fund, Registrar or any other agent or representative of the
AMC, Mutual Fund, the Registrar may accept transactions through any
electronic mode including web transactions and as permitted by SEBI or other
regulatory authorities from time to time
Additional facility of ‘K-TRACK’ for transaction in the units of Groww
Mutual Fund towards additional purchase, redemption or switch:
Investor may take note of additional facility for transaction in Groww Mutual
Fund through K-TRACK; mobile application provided by KFin Technologies
Limited Investors may execute additional purchase, redemption or switch
transaction through K-TRACK mobile application.

=== S07-012 | page 14 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
transacting through MFU.
2. Investors can create a CAN by submitting the CAN Registration Form
(CRF) and necessary documents at the Point of Service (POS) of MFUI. The
AMC and/ or CAMS, Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA) of the Fund shall
provide necessary details to MFUI as may be needed for providing the
required services to investors / distributors through MFU.
3. Investors will be allotted a CAN, a single reference number for all
investments across Mutual Funds, for transacting in multiple Schemes of
various Mutual Funds through MFU and to map existing folios, if any.
4. Currently, the transactions facilitated through MFU for the investors are:
(i) CAN registration;
(ii) Submission of documents to KRAs for KYC Registration;
(iii) Financial transactions like Purchases, Redemptions and Switches,
Registration of Systematic Transactions like Systematic Investments (SIP)
using a single Mandate, Systematic Withdrawals (SWP) and Systematic
Transfers (STP);
(iv) Non-financial transactions (NFT) like Bank Account changes,
facilitating
change of address through KRAs etc. based on duly signed written requests
from the Investors.
5. The CRF and other relevant forms for transacting through MFU can be
downloaded from MFUI website at www.mfuindia.com or can be obtained
from MFUI POS.
6. Investors transacting through MFU shall be deemed to have consented to
exchange of information viz. personal and / or financial (including the
changes, if any) between the Fund / AMC and MFUI and / or its authorized
service providers for validation and processing of transactions carried out
through MFU.
7. For details on carrying out the transactions through MFU or any queries
or clarifications related to MFU, investors are requested to contact the
Customer Care of MFUI on 1800-266-1415 (during the business hours on
all days except Sunday and Public Holidays) or send an email to
clientservices@mfuindia.com. Investors of the Fund can also get in touch
with Investor Service Centres (ISCs) of the AMC to know more about MFU.
8. For any escalations and post-transaction queries pertaining to Scheme(s)
of the Fund, the Investors are requested to get in touch with the ISCs of the
AMC.
The transactions carried out through MFU shall be subject to the terms &
conditions as may be stipulated by MFUI / Fund / the AMC from time to
time. The terms & conditions of offering of the Scheme(s) of the Fund as
specified in the Scheme Information Document (SID), Key Information
Memorandum ('KIM') and Statement of Additional Information ('SAI') shall
be applicable to transactions through MFU.
Registration of Multiple Bank Accounts in respect of an Investor Folio:

=== S07-013 | page 18 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
Part II. INFORMATION ABOUT THE SCHEME
A. HOW WILL THE SCHEME ALLOCATE ITS ASSETS?
Under normal circumstances, the asset allocation will be as follows:
Instruments Indicative allocation
(% of Net Assets)
Minimum Maximum
Equity and Equity related instruments as 80% 100%
per ELSS guidelines*
Debt, Money Market instruments, 0% 20%
Cash and equivalent
*The Scheme may invest upto a maximum of 50% of its net assets in Derivatives
The fund managers will follow an active investment strategy taking defensive/aggressive postures depending on
opportunities available at various points in time. On defensive considerations, the scheme may invest in money market
instruments and Fixed Deposits of Scheduled Banks to protect the interest of the investors in the scheme.
The scheme may enter into derivatives in line with the guidelines prescribed by SEBI from time to time. The exposure
limit per scrip/instrument shall be to the extent permitted by the SEBI Regulation for the time being in force. These limits
will be reviewed by the AMC from time to time.
Indicative Table (Actual instrument/percentages may vary subject to applicable SEBI circulars)
Sl. no Type of Instrument Percentage of exposure Circular references*
1. Securities Lending 0% Paragraph 12.11 of
SEBI Master Circular
for Mutual Funds dated
June 27, 2024.
2. Equity Derivatives for non 50% Paragraph 12.25 of
hedging purposes SEBI Master Circular
for Mutual Funds dated
June 27, 2024.
3. Securitized Debt 0% Paragraph 12.15 of
SEBI Master Circular
for Mutual Funds dated
June 27, 2024
4. Overseas Securities 0% Paragraph 12.19 of
SEBI Master Circular
for Mutual Funds dated
June 27, 2024.
18

=== S07-014 | page 19 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
5. ReITS and InVITS 0% Paragraph 12.21 of
SEBI Master Circular
for Mutual Funds dated
June 27, 2024.
6. AT1 and AT2 Bonds 0% Paragraph 12.2 of SEBI
Master Circular for
Mutual Funds dated
June 27, 2024.
7. Any other instrument 0% -
Rebalancing due to passive breach
Further, as per para 2.9 of SEBI Master Circular dated June 27, 2024, as may be amended from time to time, in the event
of deviation from mandated asset allocation due to passive breaches (occurrence of instances not arising out of omission
and commission of the AMC), the fund manager shall rebalance the portfolio of the Scheme within 30 Business Days. In
case the portfolio of the Scheme is not rebalanced within the period of 30 Business Days, justification in writing, including
details of efforts taken to rebalance the portfolio shall be placed before the Investment Committee of the AMC. The
Investment Committee, if it so desires, can extend the timeline for rebalancing up to sixty (60) Business Days from the
date of completion of mandated rebalancing period. Further, in case the portfolio is not rebalanced within the
aforementioned mandated plus extended timelines the AMC shall comply with the prescribed restrictions, the reporting
and disclosure requirements as specified in para 2.9. of SEBI Master Circular dated June 27, 2024.
Rebalancing of deviation due to short term defensive consideration
Any alteration in the investment pattern will be for a short term on defensive considerations as per SEBI Circular no.
SEBI/HO/IMD/DF2/CIR/P/2021/024 dated March 04, 2021; the intention being at all times to protect the interests of the
Unit Holders and the Scheme shall endeavor to rebalance the portfolio within 30 business days. It may be noted that no
prior intimation/indication will be given to investors when the composition/asset allocation pattern under the Scheme
undergoes changes within the permitted band as indicated above.
B. WHERE WILL THE SCHEME INVEST?
Subject to the SEBI Regulations, Rule 5 of Equity Linked Savings Scheme, 2005 as notified by the Central Board of
Direct Taxes, Ministry of Finance vide notification dated November 03, 2005 and amended vide notification dated
December 13, 2005 and the asset allocation pattern mention above for the respective scheme, the Scheme may invest in
various types of instruments including, but not limited to, any of the following:
1. Equity and Equity linked instruments of domestic companies / corporations
2. Equity and equity related securities including fully convertible bonds and debentures and warrants carrying the
right to obtain equity shares.

=== S07-015 | page 20 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
7. Securities issued by banks (both public and private sector) as permitted by SEBI from time to time and
development financial institutions
8. Money market instruments permitted by SEBI/RBI, having maturities of up to one year or in any alternative
investment as may be provided by the RBI to meet the liquidity requirements.
9. Certificate of Deposits (CDs)
10. Commercial Paper (CPs)
11. The non-convertible part of convertible securities
12. Any other domestic fixed income securities
13. Derivative instruments like, Stock Futures, Index Futures, Stock options & Index options and such other
derivative instruments permitted by SEBI.
14. Subject to the Regulations, the securities mentioned above could be listed, unlisted, privately placed, secured,
unsecured, rated or unrated and of varying maturity. The securities may be acquired through New Fund Offerings
(NFOs), secondary market operations, private placement, rights offers (including renunciation) or negotiated
deals.
C. WHAT ARE THE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES?
The AMC will construct the portfolio using bottom up approach and will have the flexibility to invest across the market
capitalization. The investment environment, valuation parameters and other investment criteria will determine the
allocation and the investment style. The AMC will conduct in-house research in order to identify investable ideas. AMC
will evaluate appreciation potential of individual stocks from a fundamental perspective, assess industry and company
fundamentals, robustness of business model, sustainability of moat, valuations, quality of management, corporate
governance standards etc. The Scheme will have reasonably well diversified Portfolio without being overly diversified.
Portfolio Turnover
Portfolio turnover is the aggregate volume of purchases and sales as a percentage of the corpus of the Scheme during a
specified period of time. The portfolio turnover in the Scheme will be a function of inflows, outflows as well as market
opportunities available to the Fund Manager. Consequently, it is difficult to estimate with any reasonable measure of
accuracy, the likely turnover in the portfolios. It will be the endeavor of the Fund Manager to keep the portfolio turnover
rates as low as possible. Active asset allocation would impact portfolio turnover. There may be trading opportunities that
present themselves from time to time, where in the opinion of the fund manager, there is an opportunity to enhance the
total returns of the portfolio. The fund manager will endeavor to balance the increased cost on account of higher portfolio
turnover, if any, with benefits likely to be derived from such an approach.
Borrowing by the Fund
The Scheme may borrow monies to meet temporary liquidity requirements for the purpose of repurchase or redemption

=== S07-016 | page 20 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
total returns of the portfolio. The fund manager will endeavor to balance the increased cost on account of higher portfolio
turnover, if any, with benefits likely to be derived from such an approach.
Borrowing by the Fund
The Scheme may borrow monies to meet temporary liquidity requirements for the purpose of repurchase or redemption
of Units or the payment of interest or IDCW to the Unit holders. However, such borrowing shall be restricted to 20% of
the net assets of the Scheme and for a maximum period of six months. The limit of 20% may be revised by the Fund and
to the extent the Regulations may permit.
The Fund may raise such borrowings, secured or unsecured, from any person or entity as it may deem fit, including
Sponsor or Shareholders of any of their associate / group / affiliate entities or banks, after approval by the Trustee, at
market related rates.
Stock Lending by the Fund
Stock Lending involves lending of securities to another person or entity for a fixed period of time, at a negotiated
compensation in order to enhance returns of the portfolio. The Fund can temporarily lend, through an approved
intermediary, securities held by the Scheme to reputed counterparties, for a fee, subject to internal norms, if any. This
would enable generating better returns on those securities, which are otherwise bought with the intention of holding the
20

=== S07-017 | page 21 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
same for a longer period of time. The securities lent will be returned by the borrower on the expiry of the stipulated period
or the lender can call the same back before its expiry.
The AMC will follow regulatory restrictions as may be prescribed in carrying on the activities of Stock lending. Such lent
stock, while they are on-lending, will not be available for sale, and this can result in temporary illiquidity.
The Fund Manager may engage in Stock Lending as per following limits:
• Not more than 20% of the net assets of the Scheme can generally be deployed in Stock Lending.
• Not more than 5% of the net assets of the Scheme can generally be deployed in Stock Lending to any single counter
party.
D. HOW WILL THE SCHEME BENCHMARK ITS PERFORMANCE?
The Benchmark for the scheme would be Nifty 500 - TRI
The AMC and the Trustee may mutually agree to change the benchmark index or select an additional benchmark index
after recording reasons for such change and by following required regulatory process.
E. WHO MANAGES THE SCHEME?
Fund Manager Tenure of managing the Scheme
Mr. Paras Matalia Managing Fund Since July 14, 2025
Mr. Nikhil Satam Managing Fund Since Nov 21, 2025
Name of the Age Education Experience Other Schemes managed
Fund Qualification by the Fund Manager
Manager
Mr. Paras 30 CA, CFA (US) Mr. Paras Matalia has about 7 • Groww ELSS Tax
Matalia (Fun and B. Com years of experience in the Saver Fund
d Manager- capital markets. He started • Groww Multi Asset
Equity) out as an equity research Allocation Fund
Analyst with Samco • Groww Multi Asset
Securities Limited. Just prior Omni FOF
to joining Groww Mutual
Fund, he was working with The above mentioned
Samco Mutual Fund as Fund details include name of
Manager and Head of this Scheme
Equities.
Mr. Nikhil 29 years B. Com & Mr. Nikhil Satam has over 8 • Groww BSE
Satam Masters in years of work experience in Power ETF
Finance (MFM) the financial services • Groww ELSS Tax
industry. Since June 2023, he Saver Fund
has been working as an • Groww BSE
Equity dealer in existing Power ETF FOF
equity schemes of Groww • Groww Nifty 200
Asset Management Ltd. ETF
(Groww AMC), wherein he
21

=== S07-018 | page 23 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
• Groww Nifty
Smallcap 250
Index Fund
• Groww Nifty Total
Market Index Fund
• Groww Multi
Asset Allocation
Fund
The above mentioned
details include name of
this Scheme
F. HOW IS THE SCHEME DIFFERENT FROM EXISTING SCHEMES OF THE MUTUAL FUND?
For detailed comparative table of the aforesaid schemes, please click here
https://www.growwmf.in/downloads/sid
G. HOW HAS THE SCHEME PERFORMED
Compounded Scheme Returns Scheme Returns Benchmark
Annualised Returns % (Regular Plan) % (Direct Plan) Returns %
Returns for last 1 year -7.62 -6.09 -5.28
Returns for last 3 year 14.55 16.42 16.38
Returns for last 5 year 16.27 18.58 20.70
Returns since
inception 9.09 10.92 13.15
Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund
100.00
80.00
60.00
40.00
20.00
0.00
-20.00
Regular Plan Direct Plan NIFTY 500 TRI
Absolute Returns for each Financial year for the last 5 years
23

=== S07-019 | page 26 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
Repurchase Price:
Repurchase price is a price at which fund house repurchases the mutual fund units back from the investor. For investor
who wants to redeem his mutual fund units, the units are repurchased at respective scheme NAV less Exit Load (If
Applicable)
For Example - If Mutual Fund Scheme XYZ is having NAV of Rs. 15 & Exit Load of 1% then the repurchase price
would be calculated as follow:
Repurchase Price = NAV *(1- Exit Load %)
= 15 *(1-0.01)
= 14.8500
This means the investor will realise Rs. 14.8500 per unit if he redeems from Mutual Fund Scheme XYZ.
In case of no exit load the NAV & repurchase price are same.
The repurchase price of an open ended scheme shall not be lower than 95% of the NAV.
For other details such as policies w.r.t computation of NAV, rounding off, investment in foreign securities, procedure in
case of delay in disclosure of NAV etc. refer to SAI
B. NEW FUND OFFER (NFO) EXPENSES
These expenses are incurred for the purpose of various activities related to the NFO like sale and distribution fees paid,
marketing and advertising, registrar expenses, printing and stationery, bank charges etc. NFO expenses were borne by the
AMC.
C. ANNUAL SCHEME RECURRING EXPENSES
As per SEBI (MF) Regulations, 1996, recurring expenses will not exceed 2.25% of the Scheme’s daily net assets:
The total fees and expenses for operating the scheme as listed hereunder would be 2.25% of the daily net assets which
includes expenses towards management fees, commission, marketing expense and other expense relating to operating
the scheme.
Estimated Recurring Expenses:
Expense Head % of daily Net
Assets
Investment Management and Advisory Fees
Trustee fee
Audit fees
Custodian fees
RTA Fees
Marketing & Selling expense incl. agent commission
Cost related to investor communications
Upto 2.25%
Cost of fund transfer from location to location
26

=== S07-020 | page 27 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
Cost of providing account statements and Income Distribution cum
Capital Withdrawal redemption cheques and warrants
Costs of statutory Advertisements
Cost towards investor education & awareness (as per paragraph
10.1.16 of SEBI Master circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27,
2024) ^
Brokerage & transaction cost over and above 12 bps and 5 bps for
cash and derivative market trades resp. @
Goods & Services Tax/ goods and services tax on expenses other
than investment and advisory fees
Goods & Services Tax/ goods and services tax on brokerage and
transaction cost
Other Expenses
Maximum total expense ratio (TER) permissible under Upto 2.25%
Regulation 52 (6) (c)
Additional expenses under regulation 52 (6A) (c) ** 0.05%
Additional expenses for gross new inflows from specified cities* Upto 0.30%
*SEBI vide its letter no. SEBI/HO/IMD-SEC-3/P/OW/2023/5823/1 dated February 24, 2023, and AMFI letter dated No.
35P/ MEM-COR/ 85-a/ 2022-23 dated March 02, 2023 has directed AMCs to keep B-30 incentive structure in abeyance
till further notice.
^ In terms of paragraph 10.1.16 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, the AMC / Mutual Fund
shall annually set apart at least 2 basis points (i.e., 0.02%) on daily net assets of the scheme within the maximum limit of
Total Expense Ratio as per Regulation 52 of the SEBI (MF) Regulations for investor education and awareness initiatives.
**Additional Expenses upto 0.05% of daily net assets as permissible under Regulation 52 (6A) (c) may be charged by
AMC under different heads of expenses mentioned under Regulation 52 (2) and (4) and more specifically stated in table
above.
@ Brokerage and transaction costs incurred for the execution of trades and included in the cost of investment, not exceeding
0.12 per cent of the value of trades of cash market transactions and 0.05 per cent of the value of trades of derivative market
transactions. Thus, in terms of paragraph 10.1.14 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, it is
hereby clarified that the brokerage and transaction costs incurred for the execution of trades may be capitalized to the
extent of 0.12 per cent of the value of trades of cash market transactions and 0.05 per cent of the value of trades of
derivative market transactions. Any payment towards brokerage and transaction costs (including Goods & Services Tax,
if any) incurred for the execution of trades, over and above the said 0.12 per cent for cash market transactions and 0.05

=== S07-021 | page 27 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
derivative market transactions. Any payment towards brokerage and transaction costs (including Goods & Services Tax,
if any) incurred for the execution of trades, over and above the said 0.12 per cent for cash market transactions and 0.05
per cent of the value of trades of derivative market transactions may be charged to the scheme within the maximum limit
of Total Expense Ratio (TER) as prescribed under Regulation 52 of the SEBI (MF) Regulations.
Direct Plan shall have a lower expense ratio excluding distribution expenses, commission, etc and no commission for
distribution of Units will be paid / charged under Direct Plan. All fees and expenses charged in a direct plan (in percentage
terms) under various heads including the investment and advisory fee shall not exceed the fees and expenses charged
under such heads in a regular plan.
27

=== S07-022 | page 28 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
The purpose of the above table is to assist the investor in understanding various costs and expenses that an investor in the
Scheme will bear directly or indirectly. These estimates have been made in good faith as per the information available
with AMC based on past experience and are subject to change inter-se.
The total recurring expenses that can be charged to the Scheme will be subject to limits prescribed from time to time under
the SEBI (MF) Regulations.
Annual recurring expenses of the Scheme, (including the investment and advisory fees without any sub limit) as a % of
daily net assets will be subject to following limit:
The AMC shall adhere provisions of SEBI Circular dated October 22, 2018 and various guidelines specified by SEBI as
amended from time to time, with reference to charging of fees and expenses.
Annual recurring expenses of the Scheme, (including the investment and advisory fees without any sublimit) as a % of
daily net assets will be subject to following limit:
First Rs. Next Rs. Next Rs. Next Rs. Next Rs. Next Rs. Balance
40,000
500 250 1,250 3,000 5,000
Crores
Crores Crores Crores Crores Crores
2.25% 2.00% 1.75% 1.60% 1.50% TER 1.05%
reduction of
0.05% for
every
increase of
Rs. 5,000
crores or
part thereof
In addition to TER within the limits specified under regulation 52 (6) of the Regulations, towards investment & advisory
fees as specified under regulation 52(2) of the Regulations and/or towards recurring expenses as specified under 52(4)
of the Regulations. However, such additional expenses will not be charged if exit load is not levied / not applicable
to the Scheme.
Additional Distribution Expenses in case of new inflows from specified cities In addition to total expenses ratio (TER) as
specified above, the AMC will charge expenses not exceeding 0.30% of daily net assets if the new inflows in the Scheme
from such cities, as specified by
SEBI from time to time, are at least:
(i) 30% of gross new inflows in the Scheme, or;
(ii) 15% of the average assets under management (year to date) of the Scheme,
whichever is higher.
In case, inflows from such cities is less than the higher of (i) or (ii) of above, such expenses on daily net assets of the
Scheme will be charged on proportionate basis in accordance with para 10.1.3 of SEBI Master Circular dated June 27,
2024.
The additional expenses on account of inflows from such cities charged will be credited back to the Scheme in case the

=== S07-023 | page 29 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
Goods & Services Tax on investment management and advisory fees shall be in addition to the above expense. Further,
with respect to Goods & Services Tax on other than management and advisory fees:
- Goods & Services Tax on other than investment and advisory fees, if any, shall be borne by the scheme within the
maximum limit of TER as per regulation 52 of the Regulations.
- Goods & Services Tax on exit load, if any, shall be paid out of the exit load proceeds and exit load net of Goods &
Services Tax, if any, shall be credited to the scheme.
- Goods & Services Tax on brokerage and transaction cost paid for asset purchases, if any, shall be within the limit
prescribed under regulation 52 of the Regulations.
For the actual current expenses being charged to the Scheme, the investor should refer to the website of the mutual fund
https://www.growwmf.in/downloads/expense-ratio. Any change proposed to the current expense ratio will be updated
on the website at least three working days prior to the change.
As per the Regulations, the total recurring expenses that can be charged to the Scheme in this Scheme information
document shall be subject to the applicable guidelines. The total recurring expenses of the Scheme, will, however, be
limited to the ceilings as prescribed under Regulation 52(6) of the Regulations.
29

=== S07-024 | page 30 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
D. LOAD STRUCTURE
Exit Load is an amount which is paid by the investor to redeem the units from the scheme. Load amounts are variable and
are subject to change from time to time. For the current applicable structure, please refer to the website of the AMC
(https://www.growwmf.in/downloads/fact-sheet) or may call at (toll free no. 80501 80222) or your distributor.
Type of Load Load Chargeable (as %age of NAV)
Exit Load Nil
30

=== S07-025 | page 33 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
▪ The writer of a put option bears the risk of loss if the value of the underlying asset declines below the exercise
price. The writer of a call option bears a risk of loss if the value of the underlying asset increases above the
exercise price.
▪ Investments in index futures face the same risk as the investments in a portfolio of shares representing an index.
The extent of loss is the same as in the underlying stocks.
▪ The Scheme bears a risk that it may not be able to correctly forecast future market trends or the value of assets,
indices or other financial or economic factors in establishing derivative positions for the Scheme.
▪ The risk of loss in trading futures contracts can be substantial, because of the low margin deposits required, the
extremely high degree of leverage involved in futures pricing and the potential high volatility of the futures
markets
▪ There is the possibility that a loss may be sustained by the portfolio as a result of the failure of another party
(usually referred to as the "counter party") to comply with the terms of the derivatives contract. The counter party
may default on a transaction before settlement and therefore, the Scheme is compelled to negotiate with another
counterparty at the then prevailing (possibly unfavourable) market price.
▪ Derivatives also carry a market liquidity risk where the derivatives cannot be sold (unwound) at prices that reflect
the underlying assets, rates and indices.
▪ Where derivatives are used for hedging, such use may involve a basis risk where the instrument used as a hedge
does not match the movement in the instrument/underlying asset being hedged. The risk may be inter-related also
e.g. interest rate movements can affect equity prices, which could influence specific issuer/industry assets.
▪ Other risks in using derivatives include the risk of mispricing or improper valuation of derivatives and the
inability of derivatives to correlate perfectly with underlying assets, rates and indices.
▪ Derivative products are leveraged instruments and can provide disproportionate gains as well as disproportionate
losses to the investor.
▪ Execution of investment strategies depends upon the ability of the fund manager(s) to identify such opportunities
which may not be available at all times. Identification and execution of the strategies to be pursued by the fund
manager(s) involve uncertainty and decision of fund manager(s) may not always be profitable. No assurance can
be given that the fund manager(s) will be able to identify or execute such strategies.

=== S07-026 | page 33 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
which may not be available at all times. Identification and execution of the strategies to be pursued by the fund
manager(s) involve uncertainty and decision of fund manager(s) may not always be profitable. No assurance can
be given that the fund manager(s) will be able to identify or execute such strategies.
▪ The risks associated with the use of derivatives are different from or possibly greater than, the risks associated
with investing directly in securities and other traditional investments.
Risk associated with Securities Lending
▪ Securities Lending is a lending of securities through an approved intermediary to a borrower under an agreement
for a specified period with the condition that the borrower will return equivalent securities of the same type or
class at the end of the specified period along with the corporate benefits accruing on the securities borrowed.
There are risks inherent in securities lending, including the risk of failure of the other party, in this case the
approved intermediary to comply with the terms of the agreement. Such failure can result in a possible loss of
rights to the collateral, the inability of the approved intermediary to return the securities deposited by the lender
and the possible loss of corporate benefits accruing thereon.
Risks associated with investing in foreign securities/ overseas investments/ offshore securities
▪ Subject to necessary approvals and within the investment objectives of the Scheme, the Scheme may invest in
overseas markets which carry risks related to fluctuations in the foreign exchange rates, the nature of the securities
market of the country, repatriation of capital due to exchange controls and political circumstances.
▪ It is the AMC’s belief that investment in foreign securities offers new investment and portfolio diversification
opportunities into multi-market and multi-currency products. However, such investments also entail additional
risks. Such investment opportunities may be pursued by the AMC provided they are considered appropriate in
terms of the overall investment objective of the Scheme. Since the Scheme may invest only partially in foreign
securities, there may not be readily available and widely accepted benchmarks to measure performance of the
Scheme. To manage risks associated with foreign currency and interest rate exposure, the Mutual Fund may use
33

=== S07-027 | page 34 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
derivatives for efficient portfolio management including hedging and portfolio rebalancing and in accordance
with conditions as may be stipulated under the Regulations or by RBI from time to time.
To the extent that the assets of the Scheme will be invested in securities denominated in foreign currencies, the Indian
Rupee equivalent of the net assets, distributions and income may be adversely affected by changes in the value of certain
foreign currencies relative to the Indian Rupee. The repatriation of capital to India may also be hampered by changes in
regulations concerning exchange controls or political circumstances as well as the application to it of other restrictions
on investment.
Risk Mitigation
The asset allocation of the Scheme will be steadily monitored and it shall be ensured that investments are made in
accordance with the scheme objective and within the regulatory and internal investment restrictions prescribed from time
to time.
The overall volatility of the portfolio would be maintained in line with the objective of the scheme. As the scheme is
involved only in cash-futures arbitrage, the portfolio volatility depends on the spread between the cash and the futures
prices.
A major part of the scheme is invested in liquid stocks & derivative instruments. The fund manager may also keep some
portion of the portfolio in debt and money market instruments and/or cash within the specified asset allocation framework
for the purpose of meeting redemptions.
Following exposure limits shall be maintained while dealing in derivative instruments to mitigate the risk,
- The cumulative gross exposure through equity, debt and derivative positions will not exceed 100% of the net
assets of the scheme.
- The Scheme will not write options or purchase instruments with embedded written options.
- The total exposure related to option premium paid will not exceed 20% of the net assets of the scheme.
- Cash or cash equivalents with residual maturity of less than 91 days will be treated as not creating any exposure.
- Exposure due to hedging positions will not be included in the above mentioned limits subject to the following,
a. Hedging positions are the derivative positions that reduce possible losses on an existing position in securities and till
the existing position remains.
b. Hedging positions cannot be taken for existing derivative positions. Exposure due to such positions shall have to be
added and treated under limits mentioned in Point 3.
c. Any derivative instrument used to hedge has the same underlying security as the existing position being hedged.

=== S07-028 | page 35 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
II. INFORMATION ABOUT THE SCHEME:
A. Where will the scheme invest –
i. Subject to the SEBI Regulations, Rule 5 of Equity Linked Savings Scheme, 2005 as notified by the Central Board
of Direct Taxes, Ministry of Finance vide notification dated November 03, 2005 and amended vide notification
dated December 13, 2005 and the asset allocation pattern mention above for the respective scheme, the Scheme
may invest in various types of instruments including, but not limited to, any of the following:
1. Equity and Equity linked instruments of domestic companies / corporations
2. Equity and equity related securities including fully convertible bonds and debentures and warrants carrying the
right to obtain equity shares.
3. Securities created and issued by the Central and State Governments and/or repos/reverse repos in such Government
Securities as may be permitted by RBI (including but not limited to coupon bearing bonds, zero coupon bonds and
treasury bills)
4. Securities guaranteed by the Central and State Governments (including but not limited to coupon bearing bonds,
zero coupon bonds and treasury bills)
5. Debt securities issued by domestic Government agencies and statutory bodies, which may or may not carry a
Central/State Government guarantee
6. Corporate debt securities (of both public and private sector undertakings)
7. Securities issued by banks (both public and private sector) as permitted by SEBI from time to time and development
financial institutions
8. Money market instruments permitted by SEBI/RBI, having maturities of up to one year or in any alternative
investment as may be provided by the RBI to meet the liquidity requirements.
9. Certificate of Deposits (CDs)
10. Commercial Paper (CPs)
11. The non-convertible part of convertible securities
12. Any other domestic fixed income securities
13. Derivative instruments like, Stock Futures, Index Futures, Stock options & Index options and such other derivative
instruments permitted by SEBI.
14. Subject to the Regulations, the securities mentioned above could be listed, unlisted, privately placed, secured,
unsecured, rated or unrated and of varying maturity. The securities may be acquired through New Fund Offerings
(NFOs), secondary market operations, private placement, rights offers (including renunciation) or negotiated deals.
ii. Investments in units of mutual fund schemes
The Scheme may invest in other schemes managed by the AMC or in the schemes of any other mutual funds in conformity
with the investment objective of the Scheme and in terms of the prevailing SEBI (MF) Regulations. The maximum limit
for such investment shall not exceed 5% of the net assets of the Scheme. No investment management fees or any other

=== S07-029 | page 35 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
with the investment objective of the Scheme and in terms of the prevailing SEBI (MF) Regulations. The maximum limit
for such investment shall not exceed 5% of the net assets of the Scheme. No investment management fees or any other
fees will be charged for such investments.
iii. Investment in Short Term Deposits
Pending deployment of funds as per the investment objective of the Scheme, the funds may be parked in short term
deposits of Scheduled Commercial Banks, in compliance with paragraph 12.16 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual Fund
dated June 27, 2024
The aforementioned securities may be acquired through Initial Public Offering (IPOs), secondary market, private
placement, rights offers, and negotiated deals. Further investments in debentures, bonds and other fixed income securities
will be in instruments which have been assigned investment grade rating by the Credit Rating Agency.
35

=== S07-030 | page 36 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
Investment in unrated debt instruments shall be subject to complying with the provisions of the Regulations and within
the limit as specified in Schedule VII to the Regulations.
The securities / instruments mentioned above and such other securities the Scheme is permitted to invest in could be listed,
unlisted, privately placed, secured, unsecured, rated or unrated and of any maturity subject to investment limits specified
elsewhere in this document.
The Fund Manager reserves the right to invest in such securities as may be permitted from time to time and which are in
line with the investment objectives of the Scheme.
iv. Investment in Equity Derivatives
As part of the Fund Management process, the Trustee may permit the use of derivative instruments such as index futures,
stock futures and options contracts, warrants, convertible securities, swap agreements, Forward Rate Agreement (FRA)
or any other derivative instruments that are permissible or may be permissible in future under applicable regulations and
such investments shall be in accordance with the investment objectives of the scheme.
v. Futures:
Futures are exchange-traded contracts to sell or buy financial instruments for future delivery at an agreed price. There is
an agreement to buy or sell a specified quantity of financial instrument on a designated future date at a price agreed upon
by the buyer and seller at the time of entering into a contract. To make trading possible, the exchange specifies certain
standardized features of the contract. A futures contract involves an obligation on both the parties to fulfill the terms of
the contract.
SEBI has permitted futures contracts on indices and individual stocks with maturity of 1 month, 2 months and 3 months
on a rolling basis. The futures contracts are settled on last Thursday (or immediately preceding trading day if Thursday is
a trading holiday) of each month. The final settlement price is the closing price of the underlying stock(s)/index.
vi. Options:
Option is a contract which provides the buyer of the option (also called holder) the right, without the obligation, to buy or
sell a specified asset at the agreed price on or upto a particular date. For acquiring this privilege, the buyer pays premium
(fee) to the seller. The seller on the other hand has the obligation to buy or sell specified asset at the agreed price and for
this obligation he receives premium. The premium is determined considering number of factors such as the market price

=== S07-031 | page 40 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
investment limit may be extended to 15% of the net assets of the Scheme with prior approval of the Board of
Trustees.
For this purpose, a group means a group as defined under regulation 2 (mm) of the Regulations and shall include
an entity, its subsidiaries, fellow subsidiaries, its holding company and its associates.
In addition, certain investment parameters (like limits on exposure to Sectors, Industries, Companies, etc.) may
be adopted internally by AMC, and amended from time to time, to ensure appropriate diversification / security
for the Fund. The Trustee Company / AMC may alter these above stated limitations from time to time, and also
to the extent the SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996 change, so as to permit the Scheme to make its
investments in the full spectrum of permitted investments for mutual funds to achieve its investment objective.
As such all investments of the Scheme will be made in accordance with SEBI (Mutual Funds) Regulations, 1996,
including Schedule VII thereof.
C. Fundamental Attributes
Following are the Fundamental Attributes of the scheme, in terms of Clause 1.14 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual
Funds dated June 27, 2024:
(i) Type of a scheme
Please refer Section ‘HIGHLIGHTS/ SUMMARY OF THE SCHEMES’
(ii) Investment Objective: Please refer to Part I. V ie “Investment Objective” mentioned under “Highlights/Summary of
the Scheme”
Main Objective - Growth/Income/Both.
Investment pattern - Please refer to Part II.A “HOW WILL THE SCHEME ALLOCATE ITS ASSETS?”
(iii) Terms of Issue:
o Liquidity provisions such as listing, repurchase, redemption - Please refer to the Part I
o Aggregate fees and expenses charged to the scheme: Please refer to the section Part II Other details
o Any safety net or guarantee provided: None
In accordance with Regulation 18(15A) of the SEBI (MF) Regulations and Clause 1.14.1.4 of SEBI Master Circular for
Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024 the Trustees shall ensure that no change in the fundamental attributes of the Scheme(s)
and the Plan(s) / Option(s) thereunder or the trust or fee and expenses payable or any other change which would modify
the Scheme(s) and the Plan(s) / Option(s) thereunder and affect the interests of Unitholders is carried out unless: • SEBI
has reviewed and provided its comments on the proposal
• A written communication about the proposed change is sent to each Unitholder and an advertisement is given in
one English daily newspaper having nationwide circulation as well as in a newspaper published in the language of the

=== S07-032 | page 40 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
has reviewed and provided its comments on the proposal
• A written communication about the proposed change is sent to each Unitholder and an advertisement is given in
one English daily newspaper having nationwide circulation as well as in a newspaper published in the language of the
region where the Head Office of the Mutual Fund is situated; and
• The Unitholders are given an option for a period of atleast 30 calendar days to exit at the prevailing Net Asset
Value without any exit load.
40

=== S07-033 | page 41 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
D. Index methodology (for index funds, ETFs and FOFs having one underlying domestic ETF)- Disclosures regarding the
index, index eligibility criteria, methodology, index service provider, index constituents, impact cost of the constituents -
NA
E. Principles of incentive structure for market makers (for ETFs) - NA
F. Floors and ceiling within a range of 5% of the intended allocation against each sub class of asset, as per clause 13.6.2 of
SEBI master circular for mutual funds dated June 27, 2024 (only for close ended debt schemes)
G. Other Scheme Specific Disclosures:
Listing and transfer of units Since units of the Scheme will be offered for subscription and
redemption at NAV based prices on all Business Days on an ongoing
basis providing the required liquidity to investors, units of the Scheme
are not proposed to be listed on any stock exchange. However, the
Trustee reserves the right to list the units of the Scheme on any stock
exchange(s) at its sole discretion at a later date.
Dematerialization of units In accordance with Paragraph 14.4.2(a) of SEBI Master Circular for
Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024, investors have the option to receive
allotment of Mutual Fund units in their demat account while subscribing
to this scheme. Such units held in demat form shall be fully transferable.
Minimum Target amount The Scheme had collected the minimum target amount during the NFO
(This is the minimum amount
required to operate the scheme and if
this is not collected during the NFO
period, then all the investors would be
refunded the amount invested without
any return.)
Maximum Amount to be raised The Scheme is in existence and the said clause is not applicable
(if any)
Dividend Policy (IDCW) The Trustee will endeavour to declare IDCW under the IDCW Option,
subject to availability of distributable surplus calculated in accordance
with the Regulations.
IDCW distribution procedure:
In accordance with Chapter 11 of SEBI Master Circular for Mutual
Funds dated June 27, 2024Pursuant to SEBI circular no. SEBI/IMD/CIR
No. 1/64057/06, dated April 4, 2006, the procedure for IDCW
distribution will be as follows:
1. Quantum of IDCW and record date shall be fixed by the Board of
Trustees. IDCW so decided shall be paid, subject to availability of
distributable surplus as on the date of declaration of IDCW.
2. Within 1 calendar day of the decision by the Board of Trustees, the
AMC shall issue notice to the public communicating the decision about
the IDCW including the record date, in one English daily newspaper
41

=== S07-034 | page 45 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
The policy regarding reissue of Not Applicable
repurchased units, including the
maximum extent, the manner of Units once redeemed will not be reissued
reissue, the entity (the scheme or the
AMC) involved in the same.
Restrictions, if any, on the right to As per the ELSS Rules, the units issued under the scheme can be assigned
freely retain or dispose of units being or pledged only after lock in period of three years has elapsed from the
offered. date of allotment. The Mutual Fund will be repurchasing (subject to
completion of lock-in period, if any) and issuing units of the Scheme on
an ongoing basis and hence the transfer facility is found redundant. Any
addition / deletion of name from the folio of the Unit holder is deemed as
transfer of Units. In view of the same, additions / deletions of names will
not be allowed under any folio of the Scheme. The said provisions in
respect of deletion of names will not be applicable in case of death of a
Unit holder (in respect of joint holdings) as this is treated as transmission
(transfer of units by operation of law) of Units and not transfer. Units of
the Scheme held in demat form shall be freely transferable (subject to
lock-in period, if any) and will be subject to transmission facility in
accordance with the provisions of the SEBI (Depositories and
Participants) Regulations, 1996 as amended from time to time.
Also, when a person becomes a holder of the units by operation of law or
upon enforcement of pledge, then the AMC shall, subject to
production/submission of such satisfactory evidence, which in its opinion
is sufficient, effect the transfer, if the intended transferee is otherwise
eligible to hold the units.
Units issued under this scheme can be transferred, assigned or pledged
after three years of its issue.
In the event of the death of the assessee, the nominee or legal heir, as the
case may be, shall be able to withdraw the investment only after the
completion of one year from the date of allotment of the units to the
assessee or anytime thereafter.
Please refer to paragraphs on Transfer and Transmission of units, ‘Right
to limit Redemption‘, Suspension of Purchase and / or Redemption of
Units and Pledge of Units in the SAI for further details.
Cut off timing for subscriptions/ For Purchase (including switch-in) of any amount:
redemptions/ switches
● In respect of valid applications received upto 3.00 p.m. and where the

=== S07-035 | page 46 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
i.e. available for utilization before the cut-off time of the next Business
Day - the closing NAV of the next Business Day shall be applicable.
● Irrespective of the time of receipt of application, where the funds for
the entire amount are credited to the bank account of the Scheme before
the cut-off time on any subsequent Business Day i.e. available for
utilization before the cut-off time on any subsequent Business Day - the
closing NAV of such subsequent Business Day shall be applicable.
For Switch-ins of any amount:
For determining the applicable NAV, the following shall be ensured:
● Application for switch-in is received before the applicable cut-off time.
● Funds for the entire amount of subscription / purchase as per the switch-
in request are credited to the bank account of the Scheme before the cut-
off time.
● The funds are available for utilization before the cut-off time.
● In case of switch transactions from one scheme to another, the
allocation shall be in line with redemption payouts
For investments through systematic investment routes such as Systematic
Investment Plans (SIP), Systematic Transfer Plans (STP), etc. the units
will be allotted as per the closing NAV of the day on which the funds are
available for utilization by the Target Scheme irrespective of the
instalment date of the SIP, STP or record date of IDCW etc.”
The Trustee reserves the right to change / modify the aforesaid
requirements at a later date in line with SEBI directives from time to time.
For allotment of units, it shall be ensured that:
i. the application is received before the applicable cut-off time,
ii. Funds for the entire amount of subscription / purchase as per the
application / switch-in request are credited to the bank account of the
Scheme before the cut-off time,
iii. The funds are available for utilisation before the cut-off time without
availing any credit facility whether intra-day or otherwise, by the Scheme.
Redemptions including Switch - outs:
The following cut-off timings shall be observed by the Mutual Fund in
respect of Repurchase of Units:
1. Where the application received upto 3.00 pm – closing NAV of the day
of receipt of application; and
2. An application received after 3.00 pm – closing NAV of the next
Business Day.
46

=== S07-036 | page 47 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
Technical issues when transactions are processed through online
facilities/ electronic modes:
The time of transaction done through various online facilities /electronic
modes offered by the AMC, for the purpose of determining the
applicability of NAV, would be the time when the request for purchase /
SIP/ sale / switch of units is received in the servers of AMC/RTA. In case
of transactions through online facilities / electronic modes, there may be
a time lag of few seconds or upto 1-7 banking days between the amount
of subscription being debited to investor's bank account and the
subsequent credit into the respective Scheme's bank account. This lag
may impact the applicability of NAV for transactions where NAV is to
be applied, based on actual realization of funds by the Scheme. Under no
circumstances will Groww Asset Management Limited or its bankers or
its service providers be liable for any lag / delay in realization of funds
and consequent pricing of units. The AMC has the right to amend cut off
timings subject to SEBI (MF) Regulations for the smooth and efficient
functioning of the Scheme. Representation of SIP transaction which have
failed due to technical reasons will also follow same rule.
Minimum amount for Ongoing: Rs.500 and in multiples of Rs.500/-
purchase/redemption/switches. Switch-in amount: Rs.500 and in multiples of Rs.500/-
The minimum subscription limits for new purchases/additional purchases
will apply to each Option separately.
Minimum Redemption Amount:
The minimum redemption amount shall be Rs. 500 and in multiples of
Re.1/-
In case, if the investor wants to submit redemption in units, the value
should be equivalent to the minimum redemption amount specified above
as on the applicable NAV date and the units should be in multiples of
0.001.
In case the available balance in folio is less than the minimum redemption
amount/units, then the investor can submit a request for "All units/Full
redemption" of the amount / units available in folio. Please note this will
not be applicable for units under pledge, lock-in units in Groww Tax
Saver scheme and demat folios.
The AMC reserves the right to change the minimum amounts for various
purchase / redemption/ switch. Such changes shall only be applicable to
transactions on a prospective basis.
Accounts Statements The AMC shall send an allotment confirmation specifying the units
allotted by way of email and/or SMS within 5 working days of receipt
of valid application/transaction to the Unit holders registered e-mail
address and/ or mobile number (whether units are held in demat mode
or in account statement form).

=== S07-037 | page 48 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
holders in whose folio(s) transaction(s) have taken place during the
month. The monthly CAS will be dispatched to investors that have opted
for delivery via electronic mode (e-CAS) within twelve (12) days from
the month end and to investors that have opted for delivery via physical
mode within fifteen (15) days from the month end.
Half-yearly CAS shall be issued at the end of every six months (i.e.
September/ March) to all investors providing the prescribed details
across all schemes of mutual funds and securities held in dematerialized
form across demat accounts, if applicable. The CAS will be dispatched
to investors that have opted for e-CAS on or before the eighteenth (18th)
day of April and October and to investors that have opted for delivery
via physical mode by the twenty first (21st) day of April and October.
For further details, refer SAI.
Dividend/ IDCW The payment of dividend/IDCW to the unitholders shall be made within
seven working days from the record date
Redemption The redemption or repurchase proceeds shall be dispatched to the
unitholders within three working days from the date of redemption or
repurchase.
For list of exceptional circumstances refer para 14.1.3 of SEBI Master
Circular for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024.
Bank Mandate In case of those unit holders, who hold units in demat form, the bank
mandate available with the respective DP will be treated as the valid bank
mandate for the purpose of payout at the time of redemption. In view of
the above, Multiple Bank Mandate registration facilities with the AMC
will not be applicable to Demat account holders.
Delay in payment of redemption / The Asset Management Company shall be liable to pay interest to the
repurchase proceeds/dividend unitholders at rate as specified vide clause 14.2 of SEBI Master Circular
for Mutual Funds dated June 27, 2024 by SEBI for the period of such
delay
Unclaimed Redemption and Income As per the Clause 14.3 of SEBI Master Circular dated June 27, 2024, the
Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal unclaimed Redemption and dividend amounts shall be deployed by the
Amount Fund in call money market or money market instruments and in a
separate plan of Liquid scheme / Money Market Mutual Fund scheme
floated by Mutual Funds specifically for deployment of the unclaimed
amounts. The investment management fee charged by the AMC for
managing such unclaimed amounts shall not exceed 50 basis points.
The AMCs shall not be permitted to charge any exit load in this plan.

=== S07-038 | page 48 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
separate plan of Liquid scheme / Money Market Mutual Fund scheme
floated by Mutual Funds specifically for deployment of the unclaimed
amounts. The investment management fee charged by the AMC for
managing such unclaimed amounts shall not exceed 50 basis points.
The AMCs shall not be permitted to charge any exit load in this plan.
Provided that such schemes where the unclaimed redemption and IDCW
amounts are deployed shall be only those Overnight scheme/ Liquid
scheme / Money Market Mutual Fund schemes which are placed in A-1
cell (Relatively Low Interest Rate Risk and Relatively Low Credit Risk)
of Potential Risk Class matrix. The investors who claim these amounts
during a period of three years from the due date shall be paid at the
prevailing NAV. After a period of three years, this amount can be
48

=== S07-039 | page 49 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
transferred to a pool account and the investors can claim the said amounts
at the NAV prevailing at the end of the third year. In terms of the circular,
the onus is on the AMC to make a continuous effort to remind investors
through letters to take their unclaimed amounts. The website of Groww
Mutual Fund also provides information on the process of claiming the
unclaimed amount and the necessary forms / documents required for the
same. The details of such unclaimed amounts are also disclosed in the
annual report sent to the Unit Holders.
Important Note: All applicants must provide a bank name, bank
account number, branch address, and account type in the Application
Form.
Disclosure w.r.t investment by minors As per paragraph 17.6 of SEBI Master circular for Mutual Funds dated
June 27, 2024, the following Process for Investments in the name of a
Minor through a Guardian will be applicable:
a. Payment for investment by any mode shall be accepted from the bank
account of the minor, parent or legal guardian of the minor, or from a
joint account of the minor with parent or legal guardian. For existing
folios, the AMCs shall insist upon a Change of Pay-out Bank mandate
before redemption is processed.
b. Irrespective of the source of payment for subscription, all redemption
proceeds shall be credited only in the verified bank account of the
minor, i.e. the account the minor may hold with
the parent/ legal guardian after completing all KYC formalities.
c. Upon the minor attaining the status of major, the minor in whose
name the investment was made, shall be required to provide all the
KYC details, updated bank account details including cancelled original
cheque leaf of the new account. No further transactions shall be allowed
till the status of the minor is changed to major.
d. AMCs shall build a system control at the account set up stage of
Systematic Investment Plan (SIP), Systematic Transfer Plan (STP) and
Systematic Withdrawal Plan (SWP) on the basis of which, the standing
instruction is suspended when the minor attains majority, till the status
is changed to major.
Please refer SAI for detailed process on investments made in the name
of a Minor through a Guardian and Transmission of Units.
49

=== S07-040 | page 50 | Groww ELSS Tax Saver Fund ===
III. OTHER DETAILS
A. In case of Fund of Funds Scheme, Details of Benchmark, Investment Objective, Investment Strategy, TER, AUM, Year
wise performance, Top 10 Holding/ link to Top 10 holding of the underlying fund should be provided- NA.
B. Periodic Disclosures such as Half yearly disclosures, half yearly results, annual report
Monthly / Half - Yearly The Mutual Fund shall disclose the scheme portfolios as on the
Portfolio Disclosures last day of the month/ as on the last day of every half year ended
March and September within 10 days from the close of each
This is a list of securities where the month / half-year respectively. Further, the Mutual Fund shall
corpus of the Scheme is currently also disclose portfolio of the scheme on a fortnightly basis within
invested. The market value of 5 days from the end of the fortnight. The disclosure shall be on
these investments is also stated in https://growwmf.in/statutory-disclosure/portfolio
portfolio disclosures. (Fortnightly/Monthly), https://growwmf.in/financials/half-
yearly-unaudited-financials-&-portfolio (Half Yearly) and
www.amfiindia.com. The AMC shall send via email the
fortnightly statement of scheme portfolio within 5 days from the
close of each fortnight and the monthly and half-yearly statement
of scheme portfolio within 10 days from the close of each month
/ half-year respectively.
Mutual Fund shall publish an advertisement every half-year
disclosing the hosting of the half-yearly statement of its schemes
portfolio on its website and on the website of AMFI. Such
advertisement shall be published in the all India edition of at least
two daily newspapers, one each in English and Hindi. Mutual
Fund shall provide a physical copy of the statement of its scheme
portfolio, without charging any cost, on specific request received
from a unitholder.
Half -Yearly Financial Results The Mutual Fund and AMC shall within one month from the close
of each half year i.e. 31st March and on 30th September, host a
soft copy of its unaudited financial results on their website. The
Mutual Fund and AMC shall publish an advertisement disclosing
the hosting of such financial results on their website, in atleast
one national English daily newspaper and in a regional newspaper
published in the language of the region where the Head Office of
the Mutual Fund is situated.
It will also be displayed on the website of the AMC
(https://www.growwmf.in/financials/half-yearly-unaudited-
financials-&-portfolio) and AMFI www.amfiindia.com
Annual Report The Scheme wise annual report or an abridged summary thereof
shall be mailed (emailed, where e-mail id is provided unless
otherwise required) to all Unit holders not later than four months

