=== S08-001 | page 1 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
SCHEME INFORMATION DOCUMENT
Groww Small Cap Fund
(An open ended equity scheme predominantly investing in small cap stocks)
This product is suitable Scheme Riskometer
Benchmark Riskometer (as
for investors who are
applicable)
seeking*:
● Investments in equity Nifty Smallcap 250 Index
and equity related
instruments of small cap
companies
● Generate long term
capital appreciation
Investors should understand that Benchmark riskometer is at very high
their principal will be at very high risk
risk
*Investors should consult their financial advisers if in doubt about whether the product is suitable for them.
Offer of Units of Rs. 10 each during the New Fund Offer and continuous offer for Units at NAV based
Prices
Name of Mutual Fund Groww Mutual Fund
Groww Asset Management Limited (CIN: U65991KA2008PLC180894)
Registered Office: Vaishnavi Tech Park, South Tower, 3rd Floor, Survey
Name of Asset Management Company
No.16/1 and 17/2, Ambalipura Village, Varthur Hobli, Bellandur,
Bangalore South, Bangalore- 560103, Karnataka, India
Groww Trustee Limited (CIN: U65991KA2008PLC183561)
Registered Office: Vaishnavi Tech Park, South Tower, 3rd Floor, Survey
Name of Trustee Company
No.16/1 and 17/2, Ambalipura Village, Varthur Hobli, Bellandur,
Bangalore South, Bangalore- 560103, Karnataka, India.
505 – 5th Floor, Tower 2B, One World Centre, Near Prabhadevi Railway
Corporate Office Station, Lower Parel, Mumbai – 400013, Maharashtra, Tele-+91 22
69744435
Website www.growwmf.in
1

=== S08-002 | page 3 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
TABLE OF CONTENTS PAGE NO.
SECTION I
I. HIGHLIGHTS / SUMMARY OF THE SCHEME 4
II. INFORMATION ABOUT SCHEME 18
A. HOW WILL SCHEME ALLOCATE ITS ASSESTS 18
B. WHERE WILL THE SCHEME INVEST 21
C. WHAT ARE THE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES 22
D. HOW WILL THE SCHEME BENCHMARK ITS PERFORMANCE 22
E. WHO MANAGES THE SCHEME? 23
F. HOW IS THE SCHEME DIFFERENT FROM EXISTING SCHEMES OF THE MUTUAL FUND? 23
G. HOW HAS THE SCHEME PERFORMED 24
H. ADDITIONAL SCHEME RELATED DISCLOSURES 24
III. OTHER DETAILS 25
A. COMPUTATION OF NAV 25
B. NEW FUND OFFER (NFO) EXPENSES 26
C. ANNUAL SCHEME RECURRING EXPENSES 26
D. LOAD STRUCTURE 30
SECTION II. 32
I. INTRODUCTION 32
A. DEFINITION & INTERPRETATION 32
B. RISK FACTORS 32
C. RISK MITIGATION STRATEGIES 37
II. INFORMATION ABOUT SCHEME 39
A. WHERE WILL THE SCHEME INVEST? 39
B. WHAT ARE THE INVESTMENT RESTRICTIONS? 39
C. FUNDAMENTAL ATTRIBUTES 42
D. INDEX METHODOLOGY (FOR INDEX FUNDS, ETFS AND FOFS HAVING ONE UNDERLYING DOMESTIC ETF) 42
E. PRINCIPLES OF INCENTIVE STRUCTURE FOR MARKET MAKERS (FOR ETFS) 42
F. FLOORS AND CEILING WITHIN A RANGE OF 5% OF THE INTENDED ALLOCATION AGAINST EACH SUB 43
CLASS OF ASSET
G. OTHER SCHEME SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES 43
III. OTHER DETAILS 55
A. IN CASE OF FUND OF FUNDS SCHEME, DETAILS OF BENCHMARK, INVESTMENT OBJECTIVE, 55
INVESTMENT STRATEGY, TER, AUM, YEAR WISE PERFORMANCE, TOP 10 HOLDING/ LINK TO TOP 10
HOLDING OF THE UNDERLYING FUND SHOULD BE PROVIDED
B. PERIODIC DISCLOSURES SUCH AS HALF YEARLY DISCLOSURES, HALF YEARLY RESULTS, ANNUAL 55
REPORT
C. TRANSPARENCY/NAV DISCLOSURE 56
D. TRANSACTION CHARGES AND STAMP DUTY 56
E. ASSOCIATE TRANSACTIONS 56
F. TAXATION 56
G. RIGHTS OF UNITHOLDERS 59
H. LIST OF OFFICIAL POINTS OF ACCEPTANCE 59
I. PENALTIES, PENDING LITIGATION OR PROCEEDINGS, FINDINGS OF INSPECTIONS OR INVESTIGATIONS 59
FOR WHICH ACTION MAY HAVE BEEN TAKEN OR IS IN THE PROCESS OF BEING TAKEN BY ANY
REGULATORY AUTHORITY
3

=== S08-003 | page 4 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
SECTION I
Part I. HIGHLIGHTS/SUMMARY OF THE SCHEME
Sr. No. Title Description
I. Name of the scheme Groww Small Cap Fund
II. Category of the Scheme Small Cap Fund
III. Scheme type An open ended equity scheme predominantly investing in small cap
stocks.
IV. Scheme code GROW/O/E /SCF/25/10/0051
V. Investment objective The objective of the Scheme is to generate long term capital
appreciation by investing in equity and equity related instruments of
small cap companies. However, there is no assurance that the
investment objective of the Scheme will be achieved.
VI. Liquidity details: The Scheme will offer units for purchases/switch-ins and
redemptions/switch-outs at NAV based prices on all business days on
an ongoing basis. Repurchase of Units will be at the NAV prevailing
on the date the units are tendered for repurchase.
As per SEBI (MF) Regulations, the Mutual Fund shall dispatch
redemption proceeds within 3 working Days of receiving a valid
redemption request. A penal interest of 15% per annum or such other
rate as may be prescribed by SEBI from time to time, will be paid in
case the redemption proceeds are not made within 3 working Days
from the date of receipt of a valid redemption request.
The Scheme being open ended, the units are not proposed to be listed
Listing details
on any stock exchange and no transfer facility on the exchange is
provided. However, the Trustee reserves the right to list the units as and
when open-end Schemes are permitted to be listed under the SEBI
(MF) Regulations, and if the Trustee considers it necessary in the
interest of unit holders of the Scheme.
VII. Benchmark (Total Return • As per AMFI benchmark
Index) Nifty Smallcap 250 Index
The Trustees have adopted Nifty Smallcap 250 Index as the
benchmark index.
The Scheme performance would be benchmarked against Nifty
Smallcap 250 Total Return Index. The Fund’s strategy is to invest in a
diversified portfolio of small-cap companies that are 251st and beyond
by full market cap. The composition of the aforesaid benchmark is such
that, it is most suited for comparing the performance of the
scheme. Hence, Nifty Smallcap 250 TRI is the appropriate benchmark
for the Scheme.
SEBI Master Circular dated June 27, 2024/ SEBI/HO/IMD/IMD-
PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/90 dated June 27, 2024 (hereinafter referred to
as Master Circular of Mutual Fund), as per clause 1.9 of Master
Circular of Mutual Fund requires mutual funds to adopt first tier
4

=== S08-004 | page 5 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
benchmarks for schemes as notified by AMFI. Accordingly, the
benchmark is selected from the benchmarks notified by AMFI for the
category of scheme. The performance will be benchmarked to the Total
Returns Variant of the Index.
The AMC/ Trustee reserves the right to change the benchmark for
evaluation of performance of the Scheme from time to time in
conformity with the investment objectives and appropriateness of the
benchmark subject to SEBI (MF) Regulations, and other prevailing
guidelines, if any.
VIII. NAV disclosure The AMC will calculate and disclose the first NAVs of the Scheme not
later than 5 Business Days from the date of allotment of units under
the NFO.
The AMC shall update the NAVs on the website of the Mutual Fund
https://www.growwmf.in/nav and on the website of Association of
Mutual Funds in India - AMFI (www.amfiindia.com) by 11.00 p.m. on
every Business Day.
Further Details in Section II.
IX. Applicable timelines Timeline for
Dispatch of redemption proceeds:
The redemption or repurchase proceeds shall be dispatched to the
unitholders within 03 working days from the date of redemption or
repurchase. In case of exceptional situations, additional time for
redemption payment may be taken. This shall be in line with AMFI
letter dated January 16, 2023.
• Dispatch of IDCW:
The IDCW warrants shall be dispatched to the unitholders within
07 working days of the date of declaration of the IDCW.
In case of Unit holders having a bank account with certain banks
with which the Mutual Fund would have an arrangement from time
to time, the IDCW proceeds shall be electronically credited to their
account.
In case of specific request for IDCW by warrants/cheques/demand
drafts or unavailability of sufficient details with the Fund, the
IDCW will be paid by warrant/cheques/demand drafts and
payments will be made in favour of the unitholder (registered
holder of the Unit or, if there are more than one registered holder,
only to the first registered holder) with bank account number
furnished to the Fund.
Please note that it is mandatory for the unitholders to provide the
bank account details as per SEBI guidelines.
X. Plans and Options The Scheme will have Regular Plan and Direct Plan** with a
Plans/Options and sub common portfolio and separate NAVs. Investors should indicate the
options under the Scheme Plan for which the subscription is made by indicating the choice in
the application form.
Each of the above Regular and Direct Plan under the scheme will
have the following Options / Sub-options: (1) Growth Option and

=== S08-005 | page 6 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
The default option for the unitholders will be Regular Plan - Growth
Option if he is routing his investments through a distributor and
Direct Plan – Growth option if he is a direct investor.
If the unit holders selects IDCW option but does not specify the sub-
option then the default sub-option shall be Reinvestment of IDCW.
Investors subscribing under Direct Plan of the Scheme will have to
indicate “Direct Plan” against the Scheme name in the application
form i.e. “Groww Smallcap Fund - Direct Plan”. Treatment for
investors based on the applications received is given in the table
below:
Investors should also indicate “Direct” in the ARN column of the
application form. If the application is received incomplete with
respect to not selecting Regular/Direct Plan, the application will be
processed as under:
Sce Broker Code Plan Default Plan
nari mentioned by mentioned to be
o the investor by the captured
investor
1. N ot mentioned Not Direct Plan
mentioned
2. N ot mentioned Direct Direct Plan
3. N ot mentioned Regular Direct Plan
Plan
4. M entioned Direct Direct Plan
5. D irect Not Direct Plan
mentioned
6. D irect Regular Direct Plan
Plan
7. M entioned Regular Regular Plan
Plan
8. M entioned Not Regular Plan
mentioned
In cases of wrong/ invalid/ incomplete ARN codes mentioned on the
application form, the application shall be processed under Regular
Plan. The AMC shall contact and obtain the correct ARN code
within 30 calendar days of the receipt of the application form from
the investor/ distributor. In case, the correct code is not received
within 30 calendar days, the AMC shall reprocess the transaction
under Direct Plan from the date of application without any exit load.
**DIRECT PLAN: Direct Plan is only for investors who purchase
/subscribe Units in a Scheme directly with the Mutual Fund or through
the stock exchange and is not available for investors who route their
investments through a Distributor.
XI. Load Structure Exit Load: If redeemed within 1 year from the date of allotment: 1%
If redeemed after 1 year from the date of allotment: NIL
6

=== S08-006 | page 7 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
XII. Minimum Application During NFO: Rs. 500 and in multiples of Re. 1/-thereafter. Units will
Amount/switch in be allotted in the whole figures and the balance amount will be
refunded, Even if it is falls below the minimum amount.
Additional Purchase - Minimum of Rs.500/- and in multiples of
Re.1/- thereafter. For Daily & Weekly - Rs.100 and in multiples of
Re1. For Monthly and Quarterly SIPs Minimum amount per
installment - Rs. 500/- each and in multiples of Rs.1/- thereafter
XIII. Minimum Additional During NFO Period: Rs. 500 per application and in multiples of Re. 1
Purchase Amount thereafter. Units will be allotted in whole figures and the balance
amount will be refunded..
XIV. Minimum The minimum switch amount / redemption amount shall be Rs. 500
Redemption/switch out or ‘any number of units’ as requested by the investor at the time of the
amount request.
The Minimum Application and redemption amount mentioned above
shall not be applicable to the mandatory investments made in the
Scheme pursuant to the provisions of clause 6.10 of Master Circular
of Mutual Fund, as amended from time to time.
There is no minimum balance requirement.
XV. New Fund Offer Period NFO opens on: January 08, 2026
This is the period during NFO closes on: January 22, 2026
which a new scheme sells Minimum duration to be 3 working days and will not be kept open
its units to the investors. for more than 15 days. Any changes in dates will be published
through notice on AMC website i.e. www.growwmf.in
XVI. New Fund Offer Price: Rs. 10 per unit
This is the price per unit
that the investors have to
pay to invest during the
NFO.
XVII. Segregated portfolio/side AMC may create segregated portfolio in the scheme.
pocketing disclosure For details, kindly refer SAI
XVIII Swing pricing disclosure Not applicable
XIX. Stock lending/short selling Subject to SEBI (MF) Regulations, 1996 and in accordance with Clause
12.11 in Master Circular of Mutual Fundon Securities Lending Scheme,
and framework for short selling and borrowing and lending of
securities, the Scheme intends to engage in Stock Lending. For Details,
kindly refer SAI
XX. How to Apply and other Investors can subscribe for the Units of the Scheme by completing the
details Application Form and delivering it at any Investor Service Centre or
Collection Centre. KYC complied investor/ Investors who are able to
provide necessary information and/or documents to perform KYC can
perform a web-based transaction to purchase units of the Scheme on

=== S08-007 | page 8 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
XXI. Investor services Investors can enquire about NAVs, Unit Holdings, Valuation, IDCWs,
etc. or lodge any service request at the investor support number of
AMC 8050180222.
Investors can also address their queries to the below details:
Investor Support Number – 8050180222
Investor Support Email Id – support@growwmf.in
In case investor’s query is not resolved satisfactorily, then he/she can
address the query to the Investor Relations Officer:
Mr. Krishnam Thota (Investor Relations Officer) Corporate Office -
505 – 5th Floor, Tower 2B, One World Centre, Near Prabhadevi
Railway Station, Lower Parel, Mumbai – 400013, Maharashtra,
Tele- +91 22 69744435 Email: iro@growwmf.in
In order to protect confidentiality of information, the service
representatives at the AMC’s branches/ KFin Technologies Limited
ISCs may require personal information of the investor for verification
of his identity. The AMC will at all times endeavor to handle
transactions efficiently and to resolve any investor grievances
promptly.
Investor grievances should be addressed to the ISC of the AMC, or at
KFin Technologies Limited’s ISC directly. All grievances received at
the ISC of the AMC will then be forwarded to KFin Technologies
Limited, if required, for necessary action. The complaints will closely
be followed up with KFin Technologies Limited by the AMC to ensure
timely redressal and prompt investor service.
KFin Technologies Ltd.
Selenium,Tower B,
Plot number 31 & 32,
Financial District, Nanakramguda, Serilingampally Mandal,
Hyderabad- 500032.
The investors are further requested to take note that, , a common
Online Dispute Resolution Portal (“ODR Portal”) has been introduced
to provide investors / unit holders with a mechanism to redress their
grievances.
The ODR Portal allows investors / unitholders with additional
mechanism to resolve the grievances through online conciliation and
online arbitration. The link to access ODR Portal
is https://smartodr.in/login
XXII Specific attribute of the Not Applicable. The Scheme is an open ended small cap fund
scheme (such as lock in,
duration in case of target
maturity scheme/close
ended schemes) (as
applicable)
XXIII Special product/facility
available during the NFO
8

=== S08-008 | page 9 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
and on ongoing basis
The Special Products / Facilities available under the Scheme, are:
i. Systematic Investment Plan [SIP]
ii. Systematic Transfer Plan[STP]
iii. Systematic Withdrawal Plan[SWP]
iv. IDCW Sweep Facility
v. Transactions by Email
vi. Transactions through Electronic Mode
vii. K-TRACK for transaction in the units of Groww Mutual Fund
towards additional purchase, redemption or switch
viii. Transactions through Stock Exchange Platform for Mutual Funds
ix. Transactions Through MF Utility ("MFU")
x. Registration of Multiple Bank Accounts in respect of an Investor
Folio
xi. MFCentral as Official Point of Acceptance of Transactions (OPAT)
For further details of above special products / facilities, For Details,
kindly refer SAI
Systematic Investment Plan (SIP):
This facility enables investors to save and invest periodically over a
longer period of time. It is a convenient way to “invest as you earn” and
affords the investor an opportunity to enter the market regularly, thus
averaging the acquisition cost of Units. The conditions for investing in
SIP will be as follows:
SIP Frequency:
SIP Installments and Amount –
Daily – Rs. 100 and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter
Weekly – Rs. 100 and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter
Monthly – Rs. 500 and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter
Quarterly - Rs. 500 and in multiples of Re.1 thereafter
Minimum No. of SIP instalments:
Minimum number of installments for each frequency are -
Daily – 180 instalments
Weekly – 24 instalments
Monthly - 12 instalments
Quarterly – 4 instalments
Frequency / Date:
Daily - Every business day
Weekly - 1, 8, 15 & 22
Monthly - Any day between 1st and 28th of the month
Quarterly - Any day between 1st and 28th of the quarter
(In case any of these days fall on a non-business day, the transaction
will be effected on the next business day of the Scheme).
Registration period: There must be at least 30 days between the first
SIP cheque and subsequent due date of Auto Debit [NACH
clearing];
In case of the auto debit facility, the default options (where auto debit
period, frequency and SIP date are not indicated) will be as follows:
• SIP auto debit period: The SIP auto debit will continue till 5 years.
• SIP date: 15th of the month (commencing 30 days after the first SIP
instalment date); and
9

=== S08-009 | page 10 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
• SIP frequency: Monthly
The load structure prevailing at the time of submission of the SIP
application [whether fresh or extension] will apply for all the
instalments indicated in such application;
All the cheques/ payment instructions [including the first
cheque/payment instruction] shall be of equal amounts in case of SIP
applications;
Investors may also choose to invest any lump sum amount along with
the first SIP instalment by way of a single cheque/ payment
instruction.
Investors will have the right to discontinue the SIP facility at any time
by sending a written request to any of the Official Point(s) of
Acceptance. Notice of such discontinuance should be received at least
30 days prior to the due date of the next debit. On receipt of such
request, the SIP facility will be terminated. It is clarified that if the
Fund fails to get the proceeds for three consecutive Instalments out of
a continuous series of Instalments submitted at the time of initiating a
SIP), the AMC reserves the right to discontinue the SIP.
Systematic Transfer Plan (STP)
This facility enables unitholders to transfer a fixed specified amount
from one open-ended scheme of the Fund (source scheme) to another
open-ended scheme of the Fund (target scheme), in existence at the
time of availing the facility of STP, at applicable NAV, subject to the
minimum investment criteria of the target scheme. Investors can opt
for the Systematic Transfer Plan by investing a lump sum amount in
one scheme of the fund and providing a standing instruction to transfer
sums at regular intervals. Investors could also opt for STP from an
existing account by quoting their account / folio number. However,
units marked under lien or pledged in the source scheme shall not be
eligible for STP.
The conditions for investing in STP will be as follows:
STP Frequency : Daily, Weekly, Monthly and Quarterly;
Minimum STP instalment amount: Rs. 500/- per instalment and in
multiples of Re.1/- thereafter for Daily/ Weekly/ Monthly/ Quarterly;
Minimum No. of STP instalments
Daily – 6 instalments
Weekly - 6 instalments
Monthly - 6 instalments
Quarterly - 6 instalments
STP Dates:
Daily – Every business day
Weekly option - Any day from Monday to Friday
Monthly/ Quarterly option – 2nd, 8th, 15th or 23rd of the month/ of
any month in the quarter
Registration period: A minimum period of 7 calendar days shall be
required for registration under STP.
• If no day is selected, the default day will be Friday. • If the STP date

=== S08-010 | page 12 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
IDCW Sweep Facility
IDCW Sweep facility shall be in addition to the existing IDCW Payout
and IDCW Reinvestment Option. Default IDCW Option shall be
IDCW Payout.
Under IDCW Sweep Facility, Unit holders can opt for switching the
IDCW earned under any Schemes (Source Scheme) of Groww Mutual
Fund into any other Schemes (Target Scheme) of Groww Mutual Fund.
The IDCW (net of applicable DDT, if any) shall be swept subject to
minimum investment eligibility requirements of the Target Scheme at
applicable NAV based prices.
The minimum amount for sweep out to be Rs. 500/-. In case the sweep
amount is less than Rs. 500/-, the IDCW amount shall be reinvested in
the Source scheme. This facility shall be processed on the record date
of the IDCW declared under the Source Scheme. Further, this facility
shall not allow for switch of partial IDCW or switch of IDCW to
multiple schemes. In case the investor fails to specify his preference of
Option for the Target scheme into which the IDCW has to be swept,
Sweep-in amount shall be invested in default plan / option as
mentioned in Scheme Information Document (SID) of Target scheme.
The Load Structure prevailing at the time of submission of the
STP/SWP application will apply for all the installments indicated in
such application.
The AMC reserves the right to introduce STP/SWP/ IDCW Sweep
Facility at any other frequencies or on any other dates as the AMC may
feel appropriate from time to time.
Transactions by Email:
In order to facilitate quick processing of transaction and / or
instruction of investment of investor the Mutual Fund / AMC / Trustee
may (at its sole discretion and without being obliged in any manner to
do so and without being responsible and /or liable in any manner
whatsoever), accept and process any application, supporting
documents and /or instructions submitted by an investor/ Unit holder
by email at growwmf.inv@groww.in and the investor/Unit holder
voluntarily and with full knowledge takes and assumes any and all risk
associated therewith. The Mutual Fund / AMC/ Trustee shall have no
obligation to check or verify the authenticity or accuracy of email
purporting to have been sent by the investor and may act thereon as if
the same has been duly given by the investor.
In all cases the investor will have to immediately submit the original
documents / instruction to AMC/ Mutual Fund/ Official Points of
Acceptance unless indemnified by the investor.
Transactions through Electronic Mode:

=== S08-011 | page 14 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
Form (CRF) and necessary documents at the Point of Service (POS) of
MFU. The AMC and/ or CAMS, Registrar and Transfer Agent (RTA)
of the Fund shall provide necessary details to MFU as may be needed
for providing the required services to investors / distributors through
MFU.
3. Investors will be allotted a CAN, a single reference number for all
investments across Mutual Funds, for transacting in multiple Schemes
of various Mutual Funds through MFU and to map existing folios, if
any.
4. Currently, the transactions facilitated through MFU for the investors
are:
(i) CAN registration;
(ii) Submission of documents to KRAs for KYC Registration;
(iii) Financial transactions like Purchases, Redemptions and Switches,
Registration of Systematic Transactions like Systematic Investments
(SIP) using a single Mandate, Systematic Withdrawals (SWP) and
Systematic Transfers (STP);
(iv) Non-financial transactions (NFT) like Bank Account changes,
facilitating change of address through KRAs etc. based on duly signed
written requests from the Investors.
5. The CRF and other relevant forms for transacting thorugh MFU can
be downloaded from MFUI website at www.mfuindia.com or can be
obtained from MFUI POS.
6. Investors transacting through MFU shall be deemed to have
consented to exchange of information viz. personal and / or financial
(including the changes, if any) between the Fund / AMC and MFUI
and / or its authorized service providers for validation and processing
of transactions carried out through MFU.
7. For details on carrying out the transactions through MFU or any
queries or clarifications related to MFU, investors are requested to
contact the Customer Care of MFUI on 1800-266-1415 (during the
business hours on all days except Sunday and Public Holidays) or send
an email to clientservices@mfuindia.com. Investors of the Fund can
also get in touch with Investor Service Centres (ISCs) of the AMC to
know more about MFU.
8. For any escalations and post-transaction queries pertaining to
Scheme(s) of the Fund, the Investors are requested to get in touch with
the ISCs of the AMC.
The transactions carried out through MFU shall be subject to the terms
& conditions as may be stipulated by MFUI / Fund / the AMC from
time to time. The terms & conditions of offering of the Scheme(s) of
the Fund as specified in the Scheme Information Document (SID), Key
Information Memorandum ('KIM') and Statement of Additional
Information ('SAI') shall be applicable to
transactions through MFU.
Registration of Multiple Bank Accounts in respect of an Investor
Folio:
An Investor can register with the Fund upto 5 bank accounts in case of

=== S08-012 | page 20 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
Indicative Table (Actual instrument/percentages may vary subject to applicable SEBI circulars)
Sl. no Type of Instrument Percentage of exposure Circular references
1. Securities Lending Upto 20% of net Para 12.11 of Master
assets of the scheme Circular of Mutual Fund
2. Equity Derivatives for non- Upto 50% of equity Para 7.5 and 12.25 of SEBI
hedging purposes assets Master Circular of Mutual
of the scheme Fund
3. Fixed Income Derivatives Upto 10% of Fixed Para 7.5 and 12.25 of SEBI
for non- hedging purposes Income assets of the Master Circular of Mutual
scheme Fund
4. Securitized Debt Upto 50% of Debt Clause 12.15 of SEBI
Portfolio of the Master Circular of Mutual
scheme Fund
5. Overseas Securities Upto 20% of total Clause 12.19 of SEBI
assets of the scheme Master Circular of Mutual
Fund.
6. REITs and InVITS a) Upto 10% of its Clause 12.21 of SEBI
NAV in the units of Master Circular of Mutual
REIT and InvIT. b) Fund
Upto 5% of its NAV in
the units of REIT and
InvIT at single issuer
level.
7. AT1 and AT2 Bonds Upto 0% of debt Clause 12.2 of SEBI Master
portfolio of the Circular of Mutual Fund
scheme
8. Repo transactions in Upto 10% of the net Clause 12.18 of Master
corporate debt securities assets of the scheme Circular of Mutual Fund
9.
10. Units of mutual fund Upto 5% of the net Clause 4 of Seventh
schemes of Groww AMC asset value of the Schedule of SEBI (MF)
or in the Scheme of other Mutual Fund Regulations
mutual funds
Rebalancing due to passive breach
As per para 2.9 of SEBI Master Circular of Mutual Fund, as may be amended from time to time, in the event of
deviation from mandated asset allocation or any other deviation resulting due to passive breaches (occurrence of
instances not arising out of omission and commission of the AMC), the fund manager shall rebalance the portfolio
of the Scheme within 30 Business Days. In case the portfolio of the Scheme is not rebalanced within the period of
30 Business Days, justification in writing, including details of efforts taken to rebalance the portfolio shall be placed
before the Investment Committee of the AMC. The Investment Committee, if it so desires, can extend the timeline
for rebalancing up to sixty (60) Business Days from the date of completion of mandated rebalancing period. Further,
in case the portfolio is not rebalanced within the aforementioned mandated plus extended timelines the AMC shall

=== S08-013 | page 22 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
C. WHAT ARE THE INVESTMENT STRATEGIES?
• Groww Small Cap Fund is an open ended actively managed equity scheme that aims to provide long term
capital appreciation by investing 65-100% of total assets in equity and equity related instruments of small cap
companies and balance in equity and equity related instruments of large and mid cap companies and debt and
money market instruments.
• The scheme may also take opportunistic investment allocation in large cap and mid cap stocks and in growth
opportunities within the contours of regulatory mandate and scheme investment guidelines.
Though every endeavour will be made to achieve the objective of the Scheme, the AMC/Sponsors/Trustee
does not guarantee that the investment objective of the Scheme will be achieved. No guaranteed returns are
being offered under the Scheme.
Derivative products are leveraged instruments and can provide disproportionate gains as well as disproportionate
losses to the investor. Execution of such strategies depends upon the ability of the fund manager to identify such
opportunities. Identification and execution of the strategies to be pursued by the fund manager involve uncertainty
and decision of fund manager may not always be profitable. No assurance can be given that the fund manager will
be able to identify or execute such strategies. The risks associated with the use of derivatives are different from or
possibly greater than, the risks associated with investing directly in securities and other traditional investments.
For detailed derivative strategies, please refer to SAI.
Portfolio Turnover Policy
Portfolio turnover is defined as lesser of purchases and sales as a percentage of the average corpus of the Scheme
during a specified period of time. Portfolio turnover in the scheme will be a function of market opportunities. The
scheme is open-end scheme. It is expected that there would be a number of subscriptions and repurchases on a daily
basis. Consequently, it is difficult to estimate with any reasonable measure of accuracy, the likely turnover in the
portfolio. The AMC will endeavour to optimise portfolio turnover to optimise risk adjusted return keeping in mind
the cost associated with it. A high portfolio turnover rate is not necessarily a drag on portfolio performance and may
be representative of arbitrage opportunities that exist for securities held in the portfolio rather than an indication of
change in AMC’s view on a security etc. However, the AMC will take advantage of the opportunities that present
themselves from time to time because of the inefficiencies in the securities markets.
D. HOW WILL THE SCHEME BENCHMARK ITS PERFORMANCE?

=== S08-014 | page 22 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
change in AMC’s view on a security etc. However, the AMC will take advantage of the opportunities that present
themselves from time to time because of the inefficiencies in the securities markets.
D. HOW WILL THE SCHEME BENCHMARK ITS PERFORMANCE?
Benchmark (Total Returns Index): Tier 1: Nifty Smallcap 250 Index
The Scheme performance would be benchmarked against Nifty Smallcap 250 Total Return Index. The Fund’s
strategy is to invest in a diversified portfolio of small-cap companies that are 251st and beyond by full market cap.
The composition of the aforesaid benchmark is such that, it is most suited for comparing the performance of the
scheme. Hence, Nifty Smallcap 250 TRI is the appropriate benchmark for the Scheme.
As per clause 1.9 of Master Circular of Mutual Fund requires mutual funds to adopt first tier benchmarks for schemes
as notified by AMFI. Accordingly, the benchmark is selected from the benchmarks notified by AMFI for the
category of scheme. The performance will be benchmarked to the Total Returns Variant of the Index.
The AMC/ Trustee reserves the right to change the benchmark for evaluation of performance of the Scheme from
time to time in conformity with the investment objectives and appropriateness of the benchmark subject to SEBI
(MF) Regulations, and other prevailing guidelines, if any.
22

=== S08-015 | page 23 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
E. WHO MANAGES THE SCHEME?
The Fund Manager of the Scheme is Mr. Anupam Tiwari, his particulars are given below:
Fund Manager Tenure of managing the Scheme
Mr. Anupam Tiwari Since inception of the Scheme
Name of the Age Education Experience Other Schemes managed
Fund Manager Qualification by the Fund Manager
Mr. Anupam 47 years CA Mr. Anupam brings 18 years of - Groww Aggressive
Tiwari, Head extensive experience in the Hybrid Fund
Equity Mutual Fund Industry, having - Groww Value Fund
served as an Equity Analyst at - Groww Banking &
Reliance Mutual Fund for 5 Financial Services Fund
years. He then held roles as an - Groww Multicap Fund
Equity Fund Manager at - Groww Large Cap
Reliance Life Insurance Fund
Company, Principal at PNB
Asset Management Company,
and Axis Asset Management
Company in his most recent
assignment prior to joining
Groww AMC.
F. HOW IS THE SCHEME DIFFERENT FROM EXISTING SCHEMES OF THE MUTUAL FUND?
As per Para 2.6 of SEBI Master Circular of Mutual Fund, Groww Smallcap Fund is a unique
Product. It falls under ‘Equity – Small Cap Fund Category’.
Equity Schemes Scheme Category Product Positioning
Groww Large Cap Large Cap Fund A diversified equity portfolio
Fund investing predominantly in large-
cap stocks.
Groww Value Fund Value Fund A diversified equity portfolio
with value investment strategy.
Groww ELSS Tax Equity Linked Savings Scheme A diversified equity portfolio for
Saver Fund investors seeking exemption
under Section 80C of the Income
Tax Act.
Groww Banking & Financial Sectoral/Thematic A scheme investing in banking
Services Fund and financial services related
sector
Groww Multicap Fund Multicap Fund An equity scheme investing
across large-cap, mid-cap, and
small-cap stocks
For detailed comparative table of the aforesaid schemes, please click here
https://www.growwmf.in/downloads/sid
G. HOW HAS THE SCHEME PERFORMED (if applicable)
This scheme is a new scheme and does not have any performance track record.
23

=== S08-016 | page 24 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
H. ADDITIONAL SCHEME RELATED DISCLOSURES
i. Scheme’s portfolio holdings - https://www.growwmf.in/downloads/fact-sheet
ii. Disclosure of name and exposure to Top 7 issuers, stocks, groups and sectors as a
percentage of NAV of the scheme in case of debt and equity ETFs/index funds through a
functional website link that contains detailed description - Not Applicable
iii. Functional website link for Portfolio Disclosure - Fortnightly / Monthly/ Half Yearly.
https://www.growwmf.in/statutory-disclosure/portfolio and https://www.growwmf.in/financials/half-
yearly-unaudited
iv. Portfolio Turnover Rate particularly for equity oriented schemes shall also be disclosed. - Not Applicable
as this is a new scheme
v. Aggregate investment in the Scheme by: Not Applicable as this is a new scheme
Sr. Category of Persons Net Value Market Value (In Rs.)
No.
1. Concerned scheme’s Fund NAV per
Manager(s) Units unit
Not Applicable
For any other disclosure w.r.t investments by key personnel and AMC directors including regulatory provisions in
this regard kindly refer SAI
• Investments of AMC in the Scheme – Groww Asset Management Private Limited (GAML), the asset management
company may invest in the Scheme. However, as per SEBI (MF) Regulations, GAML will not charge any
Investment Management Fee for its investment in the Scheme. In addition, the funds managed by the sponsors,
Group may invest in the Scheme.
The details are provided on https://www.growwmf.in/statutory-disclosure/alignment-of-interest
• Risk-o-meter shall be evaluated on a monthly basis and the Risk-o-meter shall be disclosed along with portfolio
disclosure on GMF website and on AMFI website within 10 days from the close of each month.
• Scheme Summary Document (SSD) shall be updated on a Monthly basis or on changes in any specified fields,
whichever is earlier. The same shall be uploaded on websites of GMF, AMFI and stock exchanges.
24

=== S08-017 | page 27 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
Cost towards investor education & awareness (at least 1 bps) (as
per paragraph 10.1.16 of SEBI Master Circular of Mutual Fund)
Brokerage & transaction cost over and above 12 bps and 5 bps for
cash and derivative market trades resp.
Goods & Services Tax/ goods and services tax on expenses other
than investment and advisory fees
Goods & Services Tax/ goods and services tax on brokerage and
transaction cost
Other Expenses
Maximum total expense ratio (TER) permissible under Upto 2.25%
Regulation 52 (6) (c)
Additional expenses under regulation 52 (6A) (c)** 0.05%
Additional expenses for gross new inflows from specified cities* Upto 0.30%
*SEBI vide its letter no. SEBI/HO/IMD-SEC-3/P/OW/2023/5823/1 dated February 24, 2023, and AMFI
letter dated No. 35P/ MEM-COR/ 85-a/ 2022-23 dated March 02, 2023 has directed AMCs to keep B-30
incentive structure in abeyance till further notice.
In terms of paragraph 10.1.16 of SEBI Master Circular of Mutual Fund, the AMC / Mutual Fund shall
annually set apart at least 2 basis points (i.e., 0.02%) on daily net assets of the scheme within the maximum
limit of Total Expense Ratio as per Regulation 52 of the SEBI (MF) Regulations for investor education and
awareness initiatives.
**Additional Expenses upto 0.05% of daily net assets as permissible under Regulation 52 (6A) (c) may be
charged by AMC under different heads of expenses mentioned under Regulation 52 (2) and (4) and more
specifically stated in table above.
@ Brokerage and transaction costs incurred for the execution of trades and included in the cost of investment,
not exceeding 0.12 per cent of the value of trades of cash market transactions and 0.05 per cent of the value
of trades of derivative market transactions. Thus, in terms of paragraph 10.1.14 of SEBI Master Circular of
Mutual Fund, it is hereby clarified that the brokerage and transaction costs incurred for the execution of
trades may be capitalized to the extent of 0.12 per cent of the value of trades of cash market transactions
and 0.05 per cent of the value of trades of derivative market transactions. Any payment towards brokerage
and transaction costs (including Goods & Services Tax, if any) incurred for the execution of trades, over
and above the said 0.12 per cent for cash market transactions and 0.05 per cent of the value of trades of
derivative market transactions may be charged to the scheme within the maximum limit of Total Expense
Ratio (TER) as prescribed under Regulation 52 of the SEBI (MF) Regulations.

=== S08-018 | page 27 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
and above the said 0.12 per cent for cash market transactions and 0.05 per cent of the value of trades of
derivative market transactions may be charged to the scheme within the maximum limit of Total Expense
Ratio (TER) as prescribed under Regulation 52 of the SEBI (MF) Regulations.
Direct Plan shall have a lower expense ratio excluding distribution expenses, commission, etc and no
commission for distribution of Units will be paid / charged under Direct Plan. All fees and expenses charged
in a direct plan (in percentage terms) under various heads including the investment and advisory fee shall
not exceed the fees and expenses charged under such heads in a regular plan.
The purpose of the above table is to assist the investor in understanding various costs and expenses that an
investor in the Scheme will bear directly or indirectly. These estimates have been made in good faith as per
the information available with AMC based on past experience and are subject to change inter-se.
The total recurring expenses that can be charged to the Scheme will be subject to limits prescribed from
time to time under the SEBI (MF) Regulations.
27

=== S08-019 | page 28 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
Annual recurring expenses of the Scheme, (including the investment and advisory fees without any sub
limit) as a % of daily net assets will be subject to following limit:
The AMC shall adhere provisions of SEBI Circular dated October 22, 2018 and various guidelines
specified by SEBI as amended from time to time, with reference to charging of fees and expenses.
Annual recurring expenses of the Scheme, (including the investment and advisory fees without any
sublimit) as a % of daily net assets will be subject to following limit:
First Rs. Next Rs. Next Rs. Next Rs. Next Rs. Next Rs. Balance
500 250 1,250 3,000 5,000 40,000
Crores Crores Crores Crores Crores Crores
2.25% 2.00% 1.75% 1.60% 1.50% TER 1.05%
reduction of
0.05% for
every
increase of
Rs. 5,000
crores or
part thereof
In addition to TER within the limits specified under regulation 52 (6) of the Regulations, towards
investment & advisory fees as specified under regulation 52(2) of the Regulations and/or towards recurring
expenses as specified under 52(4) of the Regulations. However, such additional expenses will not be
charged if exit load is not levied / not applicable to the Scheme.
Additional Distribution Expenses in case of new inflows from specified cities In addition to total expenses
ratio (TER) as specified above, the AMC will charge expenses not exceeding 0.30% of daily net assets if the
new inflows in the Scheme from such cities, as specified by
SEBI from time to time, are at least:
(i) 30% of gross new inflows in the Scheme, or;
(ii) 15% of the average assets under management (year to date) of the Scheme,
whichever is higher.
In case, inflows from such cities is less than the higher of (i) or (ii) of above, such expenses on daily net
assets of the Scheme will be charged on proportionate basis in accordance with para 10.1.3 of SEBI Master
Circular of Mutual Fund.
The additional expenses on account of inflows from such cities charged will be credited back to the
Scheme in case the said inflows are redeemed within a period of one year from the date of investment.
The additional expenses charged in case of inflows from such cities will be utilized for distribution
expenses incurred for bringing inflows from such cities.
The additional TER in terms of Regulation 52(6A)(b) of SEBI (MF) Regulations shall be charged upto 30
basis points on daily net assets of the Scheme based on inflows only from retail investors beyond Top 30

=== S08-020 | page 29 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
any, shall be borne by the AMC.
The costs related to Segregated Portfolio shall in no case be charged to the Main Portfolio
Disclosure on Goods & Services Tax:
Goods & Services Tax on investment management and advisory fees shall be in addition to the above expense.
Further, with respect to Goods & Services Tax on other than management and advisory fees:
- Goods & Services Tax on other than investment and advisory fees, if any, shall be borne by the scheme within the
maximum limit of TER as per regulation 52 of the Regulations.
- Goods & Services Tax on exit load, if any, shall be paid out of the exit load proceeds and exit load net of Goods
& Services Tax, if any, shall be credited to the scheme.
- Goods & Services Tax on brokerage and transaction cost paid for asset purchases, if any, shall be within the limit
prescribed under regulation 52 of the Regulations.
29

=== S08-021 | page 30 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
For the actual current expenses being charged to the Scheme, the investor should refer to the website of the mutual
fund https://www.growwmf.in/downloads/expense-ratio.. Any change proposed to the current expense ratio will
be updated on the website at least three working days prior to the change.
As per the Regulations, the total recurring expenses that can be charged to the Scheme in this Scheme
information document shall be subject to the applicable guidelines. The total recurring expenses of the
Scheme, will, however, be limited to the ceilings as prescribed under Regulation 52(6) of the Regulations.
D. LOAD STRUCTURE
Exit Load is an amount which is paid by the investor to redeem the units from the scheme. Load amounts are
variable and are subject to change from time to time. For the current applicable structure, please refer to the
website of the AMC (https://www.growwmf.in/downloads/fact-sheet) or may call at 8050180222) or your
distributor or write to us at support@growwmf.in.
Type of Load Load chargeable (as %age of NAV)
Exit Load If redeemed within 1 year from the date of allotment: 1%
If redeemed after 1 year from the date of allotment: NIL
All switches will be treated as redemption in the source scheme and subscription in the destination scheme,
with the entry and exit load as may be applicable.
In accordance with the requirements specified by the paragraph 10.4.1(a) of SEBI Master Circular of Mutual
Fund, no entry load will be charged for purchase/additional purchase/switches accepted by the Mutual Fund.
Similarly, no entry load will be charged with respect to applications for registrations under the Systematic
Investment Plan (SIP)/Systematic Transfer Plan (STP) accepted by the Mutual Fund.
The upfront commission on investment made by the investor, if any, shall be paid to the ARN Holder (AMFI
registered distributor) directly by the investor, based on the investor’s assessment of various factors including
service rendered by the ARN Holder.
Exit load (if any) charged to the unit holders by the Mutual Fund on redemption (including switch-out) of units
shall be credited to the respective scheme net of Goods & Services Tax. Goods & Services Tax on exit load,
if any, shall be paid out of the exit load proceeds.
Switches of following kind within the Scheme will also not attract any exit load - (i) switch from Direct Plan
to Regular Plan; (ii) switch from Regular Plan to Direct Plan where the investment in Regular Plan is without
a Distributor (ARN) code; (iii) within different Options (Income Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal

=== S08-022 | page 30 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
Switches of following kind within the Scheme will also not attract any exit load - (i) switch from Direct Plan
to Regular Plan; (ii) switch from Regular Plan to Direct Plan where the investment in Regular Plan is without
a Distributor (ARN) code; (iii) within different Options (Income Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal
/growth) of the same Plan (Direct/Regular) of the Scheme.
Load on bonus/ re-investment of Income Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal units: In terms of paragraph
10.6 of SEBI Master Circular of Mutual Fund, no entry and exit load shall be charged on bonus units or units
allotted on reinvestment of Income Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal.
The Trustee / AMC reserves the right to introduce a Load and change the Load structure any time in
future if they so deem fit on a prospective basis. The investor is requested to check the prevailing load
structure of the scheme before investing.
30

=== S08-023 | page 31 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
In case of changes/modifications of load, the AMC will endeavor to do the following:
1. An addendum will be attached to the Scheme Information Documents and Key Information
Memorandum. The same may be circulated to brokers/distributors so that the same can be attached to
all SIDs and abridged SID in stock. Further the addendum will be sent along with a newsletter to
unitholders immediately after the changes.
2. Arrangement will be made to display the changes/modifications in the SID in the form of a notice in
all the official point of acceptance of transactions and distributor’s/broker’s office.
3. The introduction of the exit load along with the details may be stamped in the acknowledgement slip
issued to the investors on submission of the application form and may also be disclosed in the
statement of accounts issued after the introduction of such load.
4. A public notice shall be given in respect of such changes in one English Daily newspaper having
nationwide circulation as well as in a newspaper published in the language of region where the Head
office of the Mutual Fund is situated.
31

=== S08-024 | page 34 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
segregated from other funds of originator. If originator in its capacity as servicer fails to remit such funds due
to investors, the investors may be exposed to a potential loss.
5. Risks associated with investing in Derivatives
Derivative products are leveraged instruments and can provide disproportionate gains as well as disproportionate
losses to the investor. Execution of such strategies depends upon the ability of the fund manager to identify such
opportunities. Identification and execution of the strategies to be pursued by the fund manager involve uncertainty
34

=== S08-025 | page 35 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
and decision of fund manager may not always be profitable. No assurance can be given that the fund manager will
be able to identify or execute such strategies. The risks associated with the use of derivatives are different from or
possibly greater than the risks associated with investing directly in securities and other traditional investments. The
use of a derivative requires an understanding not only of the underlying instrument but also of the derivative itself.
Derivatives require the maintenance of adequate controls to monitor the transactions entered into, the ability to
assess the risk that a derivative adds to the portfolio and the ability to forecast price or interest rate movements
correctly. Other risks include risk of mispricing or improper valuation and the inability of the derivative to correlate
perfectly with underlying assets, rates and indices, illiquidity risk whereby the Scheme may not be able to sell or
purchase derivative quickly enough at a fair price.
6. Risks associated with Securities Lending
For Equity Instruments:
As with other modes of extensions of credit, there are risks inherent to securities lending. During the period the
security is lent, the Scheme may not be able to sell such security and in turn cannot protect from the falling market
price of the said security. Under the current securities lending and borrowing mechanism, the Scheme can call back
the securities lent any time before the maturity date of securities lending contract. However, this will be again the
function of liquidity in the market and if there are no lenders in the specified security, the Scheme may not be able
to call back the security and in the process, the Scheme will be exposed to price volatility. Moreover, the fees paid
for calling back the security may be more than the lending fees earned by Scheme at the time of lending the said
security and this could result in loss to the Scheme. Also, during the period the security is lent, the Fund will not be
able to exercise the voting rights attached to the security as the security will not be registered in the name of the
Scheme in the records of the Depository/issuer.
For Debt Instruments:
As with other modes of extensions of credit, there are risks inherent to securities lending, including the risk of failure
of the other party, in this case the approved intermediary, to comply with the terms of the agreement entered into

=== S08-026 | page 35 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
Scheme in the records of the Depository/issuer.
For Debt Instruments:
As with other modes of extensions of credit, there are risks inherent to securities lending, including the risk of failure
of the other party, in this case the approved intermediary, to comply with the terms of the agreement entered into
between the lender of securities i.e. the Scheme and the approved intermediary. Such failure can result in the possible
loss of rights to the collateral put up by the borrower of the securities, the inability of the approved intermediary to
return the securities deposited by the lender and the possible loss of any corporate benefits accruing to the lender
from the securities deposited with the approved intermediary. The Scheme may not be able to sell such lent securities
and this can lead to temporary illiquidity.
7. Risks associated with Short Selling
The Scheme may enter into short selling transactions, subject to SEBI and RBI Regulations. Short positions carry
the risk of losing money and these losses may grow unlimited theoretically if the price of the stock increases without
any limit. This may result in major loss to the Scheme. At times, the participants may not be able to cover their short
positions, if the price increases substantially. If numbers of short sellers try to cover their position simultaneously,
it may lead to disorderly trading in the stock and thereby can briskly escalate the price even further making it difficult
or impossible to liquidate short position quickly at reasonable prices. In additions, short selling also carries the risk
of inability to borrow the security by the participants thereby requiring the participants to purchase the securities
sold short to cover the position even at unreasonable prices.
8. Risks associated with investing in REITs and InvITs
REITs and InvITs are volatile and prone to price fluctuations on a daily basis owing to market movements.
Investors may note that AMC/Fund Manager’s investment decisions may not always be profitable, as actual
market movements may be at variance with the anticipated trends. The NAV of the scheme is vulnerable to
movements in the prices of securities invested by the scheme, due to various market related factors like changes
in the general market conditions, factors and forces affecting capital market, level of interest rates, trading
volumes, settlement periods and transfer procedures. The scheme will undertake active portfolio management
as per the investment objective to reduce the market risk.
35

=== S08-027 | page 42 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
10% of the net assets of the scheme. However, if mutual funds are transacting in IRS through an electronic trading
platform offered by the Clearing Corporation of India Ltd. (CCIL) and CCIL is the central counterparty for such
transactions guaranteeing settlement, the single counterparty limit of 10% shall not be applicable.
6 Exposure due to derivative positions taken for hedging purposes in excess of the underlying position against which
the hedging position has been taken, shall be treated under gross cumulative exposure limits mentioned under Point1.
Apart from the investment restrictions prescribed under SEBI (MF) Regulations, the Fund does not follow any
internal norms vis-a-vis limiting exposure to a particular scrip or sector etc.
C. Fundamental Attributes
Following are the Fundamental Attributes of the scheme, in terms of Clause 1.14 of SEBI Master
Circular of Mutual Fund:
i. Type of a scheme
ii. An open ended equity scheme predominantly investing in small cap stocks Investment Objective
o Main Objective – Please refer to Part I. V ie “Investment Objective” mentioned under “Highlights/Summary
of the Scheme”
o Investment pattern – Please refer to Part II.A “HOW WILL THE SCHEME ALLOCATE ITS
ASSETS?”
iii. Terms of Issue –
o Liquidity provisions such as listing, repurchase, redemption - Please refer to the Part I
o Aggregate fees and expenses charged to the scheme: Please refer to the section Part II Other details
o Any safety net or guarantee provided: None
In accordance with Regulation 18(15A) of the SEBI (MF) Regulations and Clause 1.14.1.4 of Master
Circular of Mutual Fund the Trustees shall ensure that no change in the fundamental attributes of the
Scheme(s) and the Plan(s) / Option(s) thereunder or the trust or fee and expenses payable or any other change
which would modify the Scheme(s) and the Plan(s) / Option(s) thereunder and affect the interests of
Unitholders is carried out unless:
• SEBI has reviewed and provided its comments on the proposal
• A written communication about the proposed change is sent to each Unitholder and an advertisement is
given in one English daily newspaper having nationwide circulation as well as in a newspaper published in
the language of the region where the Head Office of the Mutual Fund is situated; and
• The Unitholders are given an option for a period of atleast 30 calendar days to exit at the prevailing Net
Asset Value without any exit load.
D. INDEX METHODOLOGY (FOR INDEX FUNDS, ETFS AND FOFS HAVING ONE
UNDERLYING DOMESTIC ETF): Not Applicable

=== S08-028 | page 42 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
• The Unitholders are given an option for a period of atleast 30 calendar days to exit at the prevailing Net
Asset Value without any exit load.
D. INDEX METHODOLOGY (FOR INDEX FUNDS, ETFS AND FOFS HAVING ONE
UNDERLYING DOMESTIC ETF): Not Applicable
E. PRINCIPLES OF INCENTIVE STRUCTURE FOR MARKET MAKERS (FOR ETFS): Not
Applicable
F. Floors and ceiling within a range of 5% of the intended allocation against each sub class
of asset, as per clause 13.6.2 of SEBI Master Circular of Mutual Fund– Not Applicable
42

=== S08-029 | page 43 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
Schemes.
In case Unit holders do not provide their demat account details
or the demat details provided in the application form are
incomplete / incorrect or do not match with the details with the
Depository records, the Units will be allotted in account
statement mode provided the application is otherwise complete
in all respect. Further, if the Units cannot be allotted in demat
mode due to reason that KYC details including IPV is not
updated with DP, the Units will be allotted in non-demat mode
subject to compliance with necessary KYC provisions and the
application is otherwise complete in all respect.
Minimum Target amount
(This is the minimum amount
required to operate the scheme and if
43

=== S08-030 | page 45 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
information to the satisfaction of the Mutual Fund/AMC.
Allotment will be completed within 5 business days after the
closure of the New Fund Offer. Allotment of units and
dispatch of allotment advice to FPI will be subject to RBI
approval if required. Investors who have applied in non-
depository mode will be entitled to receive the account
statement of units within 5 Business Days of the closure of the
NFO Period. For applicants applying through the ASBA
mode, on intimation of allotment by KFIN to the banker the
investors account shall be debited to the extent of the amount
due thereon. On allotment, units will be credited to the
Investor’s demat account as specified in the ASBA application
form. The Asset Management Company shall, on production
of instrument of transfer together with relevant documents,
register the transfer within 30 days from the date of such
production. The Units of the Scheme held in the
dematerialised form will be fully and freely transferable
(subject to lock-in period, if any and subject to lien, if any
marked on the units) in accordance with the provisions of
SEBI (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018 as
may be amended from time to time and as stated in paragraph
14.4.4 of SEBI Master Circular of Mutual Fund. Further, for
the procedure of release of lien, the investors shall contact their
respective DP. Also, when a person becomes a holder of the
units by operation of law or upon enforcement of pledge, then
the AMC shall, subject to production/submission of such
satisfactory evidence, which in its opinion is sufficient, effect
the transfer, if the intended transferee is otherwise eligible to
hold the units.
Refund
Who can invest The following persons are eligible to apply for subscription
This is an indicative list and investors to the units of the Scheme (subject to, wherever relevant,
shall consult their financial advisor to subscription to units of the Scheme being permitted under
ascertain whether the scheme is the respective constitutions and relevant statutory
suitable to their risk profile. regulations):
1. Indian resident adult individuals either singly or jointly
(not exceeding three) or on an Anyone or Survivor basis;
2. Hindu Undivided Family (HUF) through Karta of the
HUF;
3. Minor through parent / legal guardian;
4. Partnership Firms and Limited Liability Partnerships
(LLPs);
5. Proprietorship in the name of the sole proprietor;
6. Companies, Bodies Corporate, Public Sector
Undertakings (PSUs), Association of Persons (AOP) or
Bodies of Individuals (BOI) and societies registered under
the Societies Registration Act, 1860;

=== S08-031 | page 48 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
provide their bank details viz. name of bank, branch,
address, account type and number, etc. to the Mutual Fund.
Applications without complete bank details shall be
rejected. The AMC will not be responsible for any loss
arising out of fraudulent encashment of cheques / warrants
and / or any delay / loss in transit. Also, please refer to point
on Registration of Multiple Bank Accounts in respect of an
Investor Folio given elsewhere in this document.
The policy regarding reissue of Not Applicable
repurchased units, including the
maximum extent, the manner of reissue, Units once redeemed will not be reissued.
the entity (the scheme or the AMC)
involved in the same.
Restrictions, if any, on the right to The Mutual Fund will be repurchasing (subject to completion
freely retain or dispose of units being of lock-in period, if any) and issuing units of the Scheme on
offered. an ongoing basis and hence the transfer facility is found
redundant. Any addition / deletion of name from the folio of
the Unit holder is deemed as transfer of Units. In view of the
same, additions / deletions of names will not be allowed under
any folio of the Scheme. The said provisions in respect of
deletion of names will not be applicable in case of death of a
Unit holder (in respect of joint holdings) as this is treated as
transmission (transfer of units by operation of law) of Units
and not transfer. Units of the Scheme held in demat form shall
be freely transferable (subject to lock-in period, if any) and
will be subject to transmission facility in accordance with the
provisions of the SEBI (Depositories and Participants)
Regulations, 1996 as amended from time to time. Also, when
a person becomes a holder of the units by operation of law or
upon enforcement of pledge, then the AMC shall, subject to
production/submission of such satisfactory evidence, which
in its opinion is sufficient, effect the transfer, if the intended
transferee is otherwise eligible to hold the units.
RIGHT TO RESTRICT REDEMPTION AND / OR
SUSPEND REDEMPTION OF THE UNITS:
The Fund at its sole discretion reserves the right to restrict
Redemption (including switchout) of the Units (including
Plan
/Option) of the Scheme of the Fund upon occurrence of the
below mentioned events for a period not exceeding ten (10)
working days in any ninety (90) days period subject to
approval of the Board of Directors of the AMC and the
Trustee. The restriction on Redemption (including switch-

=== S08-032 | page 50 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
requested to avail of electronic facilities like RTGS / NEFT
in respect of subscriptions and submit the proof of transfer of
funds along with their applications. AMC shall not be
responsible for any delay on account of banking clearance or
circumstances which are beyond the control of AMC.
3. The provisions for applicability of NAV based on
realization of funds will be applicable to all types of
investment including various systematic investments routes
(viz, SIP, STP, DTP etc.) as may be offered by the Scheme
from time to time.
Applicable NAV for Redemption/ Switch outs
a) where the application received upto 3.00 pm – closing
NAV
of the day of receipt of application; and
b) an application received after 3.00 pm – closing NAV of the
next business day.
Further, where the AMC or the Registrar has provided a
facility to the investors to redeem /switch-out of the Scheme
through the medium of Internet by logging onto specific web-
sites or any other facilities offered by the AMC and where
investors have signed up for using these facilities, the
Applicable NAVs will be as provided above.
Technical issues when transactions are processed through
online facilities/ electronic modes:
The time of transaction done through various online facilities
/
electronic modes offered by the AMC, for the purpose of
determining the applicability of NAV, would be the time
when the request for purchase / SIP/ sale / switch of units is
received in the servers of AMC/RTA. In case of transactions
through online facilities / electronic modes, there may be a
time lag of few seconds or upto 1-7 banking days between
the amount of subscription being debited to investor's bank
account and the subsequent credit into the respective
Scheme's bank account. This lag may impact the
applicability of NAV for transactions where NAV is to be
applied, based on actual realization of funds by the Scheme.
Under no circumstances will Groww Asset Management
Limited or its bankers or its service providers be liable for
any lag / delay in realization of funds and consequent
pricing of units. The AMC has the right to amend cut off
timings subject to SEBI (MF) Regulations for the smooth
and efficient functioning of the Scheme. Representation of
SIP transaction which have failed due to technical reasons
will also follow same rule.
Minimum amount for Ongoing: Rs.500 and in multiples of Re. 1
purchase/redemption/switches Switch-in amount: Rs.500 and in multiples of Re.1.
(mention the provisions for ETFs, as The minimum subscription limits for new

=== S08-033 | page 50 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
and efficient functioning of the Scheme. Representation of
SIP transaction which have failed due to technical reasons
will also follow same rule.
Minimum amount for Ongoing: Rs.500 and in multiples of Re. 1
purchase/redemption/switches Switch-in amount: Rs.500 and in multiples of Re.1.
(mention the provisions for ETFs, as The minimum subscription limits for new
may be applicable, for direct
50

=== S08-034 | page 53 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
Unclaimed Redemption and Income As per the Clause 14.3 of SEBI Master Circular of Mutual
Distribution cum Capital Withdrawal Fund, the unclaimed Redemption and dividend amounts shall
Amount be deployed by the Fund in call money market or money
market instruments and in a separate plan of Liquid scheme /
Money Market Mutual Fund scheme floated by Mutual Funds
specifically for deployment of the unclaimed amounts. The
investment management fee charged by the AMC for
managing such unclaimed amounts shall not exceed 50 basis
points.
The AMCs shall not be permitted to charge any exit load in
this plan. Provided that such schemes where the unclaimed
redemption and IDCW amounts are deployed shall be only
those Overnight scheme/ Liquid scheme / Money Market
Mutual Fund schemes which are placed in A-1 cell
(Relatively Low Interest Rate Risk and Relatively Low Credit
Risk) of Potential Risk Class matrix. The investors who claim
these amounts during a period of three years from the due date
shall be paid at the prevailing NAV. After a period of three
years, this amount can be transferred to a pool account and
the investors can claim the said amounts at the NAV
prevailing at the end of the third year. In terms of the circular,
the onus is on the AMC to make a continuous effort to remind
investors through letters to take
their unclaimed amounts. The website of Groww Mutual
Fund also provides information on the process of claiming the
unclaimed amount and the necessary forms / documents
required for the same. The details of such unclaimed amounts
are also disclosed in the annual report sent to the Unit
Holders.
Important Note: All applicants must provide a bank name,
bank
account number, branch address, and account type in the
Application Form.
Disclosure w.r.t investment by minors As per paragraph 17.6 of SEBI Master Circular of Mutual
Fund, the following Process for Investments in the name of
a Minor through a Guardian will be applicable:
a. Payment for investment by any mode shall be
accepted from the bank account of the minor, parent or legal
guardian of the minor, or from a joint account of the minor
with parent or legal guardian. For existing folios, the AMCs
shall insist upon a Change of Pay-out Bank mandate before
redemption is processed.
b. Irrespective of the source of payment for
subscription, all redemption proceeds shall be credited only
in the verified bank account of the minor, i.e. the account the

=== S08-035 | page 55 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
III. Other Details
A. In case of Fund of Funds Scheme, Details of Benchmark, Investment Objective, Investment Strategy,
TER, AUM, Year wise performance, Top 10 Holding/ link to Top 10 holding of the underlying fund
should be provided – Not Applicable
B. Periodic Disclosures such as Half yearly disclosures, half yearly results, annual report
• Portfolio / Financial Results: This is a list of securities where the corpus of the scheme is currently invested.
The market value of these investments is also stated in portfolio disclosures.
The Mutual Fund shall within one month of the close of each half year i.e., 31st March and 30th September,
upload the soft copy of its unaudited financial results containing the details specified in Regulation 59 on
its website and shall publish an advertisement disclosing uploading of such financial results on its website,
in one English newspaper having nationwide circulation and in one regional newspaper circulating in the
region where the head office of the Mutual Fund is situated.
Further, the mutual fund shall also disclose the debt and money market securities transacted (including inter
scheme transfers) in schemes portfolio on daily basis with a time lag of 15 days.
The Mutual Fund shall disclose the scheme portfolios as on the last day of the month/ as on the last day of
every half year ended March and September within 10 days from the close of each month / half-year
respectively. Further, the Mutual Fund shall also disclose portfolio of the scheme on a fortnightly basis
within 5 days from the end of the fortnight. The disclosure shall be https://www.growwmf.in/statutory-
disclosure/portfolio and https://www.growwmf.in/financials/half-yearly-unaudited-financials-&-portfolio
and www.amfiindia.com. The AMC shall send via email the fortnightly statement of scheme portfolio within
5 days from the close of each fortnight and the monthly and half-yearly statement of scheme portfolio within
10 days from the close of each month / half-year respectively.
Mutual Fund shall publish an advertisement every half-year disclosing the hosting of the half-yearly
statement of its schemes portfolio on its website and on the website of AMFI. Such advertisement shall be
published in the all India edition of at least two daily newspapers, one each in English and Hindi. Mutual
Fund shall provide a physical copy of the statement of its scheme portfolio, without charging any cost, on
specific request received from a unitholder.
Annual Report: As required by the SEBI (MF) Regulations, the Fund will mail the scheme wise annual

=== S08-036 | page 72 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
Investment Manager: Groww Asset Management Ltd. (CIN-U65991KA2008PLC180894)
Corporate Office: 505 - 5th Floor, Tower 2B, One World Centre, Jupiter Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg, Near
Prabhadevi Railway Station Prabhadevi (W), Mumbai – 400013
Registered Office: Vaishnavi Tech Park, South Tower, 3rd Floor, Survey No.16/1 and 17/2, Ambalipura Village, Varthur
Hobli, Bellandur, Bangalore South, Bangalore- 560103, Karnataka, India
Notice cum addendum no. 12/2026 - 2027
Notice cum Addendum to the Statement of Additional Information of the Groww Mutual Fund (‘the Fund’), Scheme
Information Document (SID) and Key Information Memorandum (KIM) of the scheme(s) of the Fund.
A. Change in designation of Key Personnel
Investors/Unitholders are requested to note that Mr. Ameya Sakpal (currently designated as Dealer Fixed Income) shall be
re-designated to ‘Assistant Fund Manager & Dealer Fixed Income’ with effect from June 4, 2026 (“Effective date”).
The relevant details shall be updated in the section ‘Information on Key Personnel” of the Asset Management Company’
of the SAI of the Fund.
B. Change in Fund Management Responsibilities
Investors/Unitholders are requested to note the following change in fund management responsibilities of certain scheme(s)
of the Fund from the effective date.
Scheme(s) Name Existing Fund Manager(s) New Fund Manager(s)
Groww Small Cap Fund (An M r. Anupam Tiwari (Head of Equity) • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of Equity)
open ended equity scheme • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Head of
predominantly investing in Research - Equity and Fund Manager)
small cap stocks) • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Fund
Manager – Equity)
Groww Gilt Fund (An open Mr. Kaustubh Sule (Senior Fund • Mr. Kaustubh Sule (Senior Fund
ended debt scheme investing in Manager Fixed Income) Manager Fixed Income)
government securities across • Mr. Wilfred Gonsalves (Fund
maturity. A relatively high Manager & Dealer-Fixed Income)
interest rate risk and relatively
low credit risk.)
Groww Money Market Fund Mr. Kaustubh Sule (Senior Fund • Mr. Kaustubh Sule (Senior Fund
(An open ended debt scheme Manager Fixed Income) Manager Fixed Income)
investing in money market • Mr. Wilfred Gonsalves (Fund
instruments. A relatively low manager & Dealer-Fixed Income)
interest rate risk and moderate
credit risk)
Groww Dynamic Term Fund Mr. Kaustubh Sule (Senior Fund • Mr. Kaustubh Sule (Senior Fund
(An open ended dynamic debt Manager Fixed Income) Manager Fixed Income)
scheme investing across • Mr. Wilfred Gonsalves (Fund
duration. A relatively high manager & Dealer-Fixed Income)
interest rate risk and moderate
credit risk)
Groww Aggressive Hybrid • Mr. Paras Matalia (Equity) (Fund • Mr. Paras Matalia (Equity) (Fund
Fund (An open ended hybrid Manager) Manager)

=== S08-037 | page 72 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
scheme investing across • Mr. Wilfred Gonsalves (Fund
duration. A relatively high manager & Dealer-Fixed Income)
interest rate risk and moderate
credit risk)
Groww Aggressive Hybrid • Mr. Paras Matalia (Equity) (Fund • Mr. Paras Matalia (Equity) (Fund
Fund (An open ended hybrid Manager) Manager)
scheme investing • Mr. Nikhil Satam (Equity) (Fund • Mr. Nikhil Satam (Equity) (Fund
predominantly in equity and Manager & Dealer) Manager & Dealer)
equity related instruments) • Mr. Kaustubh Sule (Debt) (Senior • Mr. Kaustubh Sule (Debt) (Senior
Fund Manager Fixed Income) Fund Manager Fixed Income)

=== S08-038 | page 73 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
• Mr. Gagan Thareja (Head of • Mr. Wilfred Gonsalves (Debt) (Fund
Research - Equity and Fund Manager & Dealer-Fixed Income)
Manager)
Groww Gold ETF FOF (An Mr. Wilfred Gonsalves (Fund • Mr. Wilfred Gonsalves (Fund
open-ended fund of fund Manager & Dealer- Fixed Income manager & Dealer Fixed Income)
scheme investing in units of • Mr. Ameya Sakpal (Assistant Fund
Groww Gold ETF) Manager & Dealer Fixed Income)
Groww Nifty 1 Day Rate Mr. Kaustubh Sule (Senior Fund • Mr. Kaustubh Sule (Senior Fund
Liquid ETF (An open ended Manager Fixed Income) Manager Fixed Income)
Exchange Traded Fund • Mr. Ameya Sakpal (Assistant Fund
replicating / tracking Nifty 1D Manager & Dealer Fixed Income)
Rate Index. A relatively low
interest rate risk and relatively
low credit risk scheme)
Groww Silver ETF FOF (An Mr. Wilfred Gonsalves (Fund • Mr. Wilfred Gonsalves (Fund
open-ended fund of fund Manager & Dealer Fixed Income) manager & Dealer-Debt)
scheme investing in units of • Mr. Ameya Sakpal (Assistant Fund
Groww Silver ETF) Manager & Dealer Fixed Income)
Groww Gold ETF (An open- Mr. Wilfred Gonsalves (Fund • Mr. Wilfred Gonsalves (Fund
ended Exchange Traded Fund Manager & Dealer Fixed Income) Manager & Dealer-Debt)
replicating/ tracking domestic • Mr. Ameya Sakpal (Assistant Fund
price of Physical Gold) Manager & Dealer Fixed Income)
Groww Silver ETF (An open- Mr. Wilfred Gonsalves (Fund • Mr. Wilfred Gonsalves (Fund
ended exchange traded fund Manager & Dealer Fixed Income) Manager & Dealer Fixed Income)
replicating/ tracking domestic • Mr. Ameya Sakpal (Assistant Fund
price of Physical Silver) Manager & Dealer Fixed Income)
Groww Overnight Fund (An Mr. Kaustubh Sule (Senior Fund • Mr. Kaustubh Sule (Senior Fund
open ended debt scheme Manager Fixed Income) Manager Fixed Income)
investing in overnight • Mr. Ameya Sakpal (Assistant Fund
securities) Manager & Dealer Fixed Income)
For details pertaining to age, qualification and brief experience of the Fund Managers/ Key Personnels, please refer the
SAI of the Fund available at https://growwmf.in/downloads/sai
Relevant details of the aforesaid Fund Managers (wherever applicable) shall also be inserted in the section ‘Who Manages
the Scheme?’ in the SID and KIM of the scheme(s) of the Fund.
This Notice cum addendum forms an integral part of the SID and KIM of the aforesaid scheme(s). All other terms and
conditions as mentioned in SID and KIM of the scheme(s) shall remain unchanged.
As per the Go Green Initiative, investors are encouraged to register/update their email id and mobile number with us to
support paper less communications.

=== S08-039 | page 78 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
Investment Manager: Groww Asset Management Ltd. (CIN- U65991KA2008PLC180894)
Corporate Office: 505 – 5th Floor, Tower 2 B, One World Centre, Jupiter Mills Compound, Senapati Bapat Marg,
Near Prabhadevi Railway Station Prabhadevi (W), Mumbai – 400013
Registered Office: Vaishnavi Tech Park, South Tower, 3rd Floor, Survey No.16/1 and 17/2, Ambalipura Village,
Varthur Hobli, Bellandur, Bangalore South, Bangalore- 560103, Karnataka, India
Notice cum Addendum No. 25/2026- 2027
Notice cum Addendum to the Scheme Information Document (SID), Key Information Memorandum (KIM)
of the scheme(s) and Statement of Additional Information (“SAI”) of Groww Mutual Fund (‘the Fund’).
A. Resignation of Key Personnel:
Investors are requested to note that, Mr. Gagan Thareja, ceased to be Fund Manager (Equity) & Head of Research
(Equity) and a Key Personnel of Groww Asset Management Limited (GAML) with effect from the close of business
hours of September 09, 2026.
Accordingly, all references of Mr. Gagan Thareja in the SAI of the Fund and SID(s) and KIM(S) of the concerned
scheme(s) of the Fund shall stands deleted effective the aforesaid date.
B. Change in Fund Management Responsibilities of the scheme(s) of the Fund:
Investors/Unitholders are requested to note that, pursuant to resignation of Mr. Gagan Thareja from the services of
GAML, the Fund Management Responsibilities in the following scheme(s) of the Fund, shall be changed as under,
with effect from September 10, 2026:
Scheme(s) Name Existing Fund Manager(s) New Fund Manager(s)
Groww Small Cap Fund (An • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of
open ended equity scheme Equity) Equity)
predominantly investing in • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Head of • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior
small cap stocks) Research - Equity and Fund Research Analyst & Fund Manager
Manager) – Equity)
• Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior • Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager &
Research Analyst & Fund Dealer – Equity)
Manager – Equity)
• Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager
& Dealer – Equity)
Groww Large Cap Fund (An • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of
open ended equity scheme Equity) Equity)
predominantly investing in • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Head of • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior
large cap stocks) Research - Equity and Fund Research Analyst & Fund Manager
Manager) – Equity)
• Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior • Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager &
Research Analyst & Fund Dealer – Equity)
Manager – Equity)
• Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager
& Dealer – Equity)

=== S08-040 | page 79 | Groww Small Cap Fund ===
Groww Value Fund (An • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of
open ended equity scheme Equity) Equity)
following a value investment • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Head of • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior
strategy) Research - Equity and Fund Research Analyst & Fund Manager
Manager) – Equity)
• Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior • Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager &
Research Analyst & Fund Dealer – Equity)
Manager – Equity)
• Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager
& Dealer – Equity)
Groww Multicap Fund (An • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of
open-ended equity scheme Equity) Equity)
investing across large-cap, • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Head of • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior
mid-cap, and small-cap Research - Equity and Fund Research Analyst & Fund Manager
stocks) Manager) – Equity)
• Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior • Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager &
Research Analyst & Fund Dealer – Equity)
Manager – Equity)
• Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager
& Dealer – Equity)
Groww Banking & Financial • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of • Mr. Anupam Tiwari (Head of
Services Fund Equity) Equity)
(An open ended equity • Mr. Gagan Thareja (Head of • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior
scheme investing in banking Research - Equity and Fund Research Analyst & Fund Manager
and financial services related Manager) – Equity)
sectors) • Mr. Saptarshee Chatterjee (Senior • Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager &
Research Analyst & Fund Dealer – Equity)
Manager – Equity)
• Mr. Nikhil Satam (Fund Manager
& Dealer – Equity)
This Notice cum addendum forms an integral part of the SID, KIM of the aforesaid scheme(s) and SAI of the Fund. All
other terms and conditions as mentioned in SID, KIM of the scheme(s) and SAI of the Fund shall remain unchanged.
As per the Go Green Initiative, investors are encouraged to register/update their email id and mobile number with us
to support paper less communications.
For Groww Asset Management Ltd.
Investment Manager to Groww Mutual Fund
Sd/- Place: Mumbai
Authorised Signatory Date: September 09, 2026
MUTUAL FUND INVESTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO MARKET RISKS, READ ALL SCHEME
RELATED DOCUMENTS CAREFULLY.

