=== S13-001 | page 1 | ALL ===
At Groww Mutual Fund, we believe in providing the best of our services to our investors and Channel Partners. We also
help you get your grievances redressed with ease. Resolving your problem helps us review our processes and take
necessary steps to prevent recurrence. We aim to respond to your complaint with efficiency, courtesy and fairness.
Please find below the escalation matrix for your queries / concerns.
First Level –
Sr.No Purpose Email Id Contact Number
1 Customer Care Id Support@growwmf.in 8050180222
2 Distributor Care Id Partners@growwmf.in 8050192888
Turn Around Time for Responding - Within 2 business days
Second Level –
Sr.No Purpose Email Id
1 Investor Relations Officer Iro@growwmf.in
2 Compliance Officer Compliance@growwmf.in
Turn Around Time for Responding - Within 2 business days
Third Level –
Sr.No Purpose Email Id
1 Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Ceo@growwmf.in
Turn Around Time for Responding - Within 2 business days
Incase the investor is still not received a satisfactory response post following the above-mentioned matrix, they
can raise their grievance through SEBI Scores at https://scores.sebi.gov.in/ or you may also write to any of the
offices of SEBI. You may also contact SEBI office on their toll-free number at 1800 22 7575 / 1800 266 7575.
After exhausting all available options for resolution of the grievance, if the investor/client is still not satisfied
with the outcome, he/she/they can initiate dispute resolution through the ODR Portal(https://smartodr.in/
login). Alternatively, the investor/client can initiate dispute resolution through the ODR Portal if the grievance
lodged with the concerned Market Participant was not satisfactorily resolved or at any stage of the
subsequent escalations. The concerned Market Participant may also initiate dispute resolution through the ODR
Portal after having given due notice of at least 15 calendar days to the investor/client for resolution of the
dispute which has not been satisfactorily resolved between them.

=== S13-002 | page 2 | ALL ===
INVESTOR CHARTER FOR MUTUAL FUNDS
VISION
• To develop the Indian Mutual Fund Industry and bring a high degree of professionalism
transparency and ethics by enacting regulations to govern the functioning of mutual funds
in order to enhance and maintain standards to protect and promote the interests of unit
holders of Groww Mutual Fund.
MISSION
• To support the development of a vibrant, transparent, ethical and globally competitive
asset management industry.
• To enact and enforce rules and regulations that promote the maintenance of high
professional and ethical standards in all areas of operation of the mutual fund industry.
• To work closely with the mutual fund industry in order to recommend and promote good
business practices and a code of conduct to be followed by all asset management
companies engaged in the activities of investment management in the best interests of
unitholders / investors.
• To recommend standardized operational processes to be followed by the Mutual Fund
industry for the convenience and benefit of the investors..
• To undertake nationwide investor awareness programmes, so as to inform and educate
existing and prospective investors about mutual funds as an asset class and to educate
the public about the concept and working of mutual funds.
• To protect the interest of investors/unit holders.

=== S13-003 | page 3 | ALL ===
DESCRIPTION OF ACTIVITIES / BUSINESS OF THE ENTITY
• To offer investment opportunities to the investors through various schemes.
• To pool money by issuing units to the investors at the applicable Net Asset Value(NAV).
• Deploy the monies pooled from investors in various securities and manage the portfolio
in accordance with objectives as disclosed in offer document and in compliance with all
applicable regulations.
• Disclose various information including NAV on daily basis, Risk-o-meter of schemes,
portfolio of the schemes, performance of the schemes, annual report or abridged annual
report etc.
• Pay redemption proceeds, dividends etc. to the investors.
• Process investor’s financial and non – financial transactions / service requests.

=== S13-004 | page 4 | ALL ===
SERVICES PROVIDED FOR INVESTORS
Non-Financial Transaction
Sr.
Description of Service / Activity Time taken for providing service
no.
Providing Consolidated Account Statement
1 By 12th of succeeding month for electronic
(CAS) for each calendar month
mode
By 15th of succeeding month for physical
mode
Providing Consolidated Account Statement
2 By 18th of succeeding month for electronic
(CAS) for the half year
mode
By 21st of succeeding month for physical
mode
3 Request for Dematerialisation of units 2 Days *
Financial Transactions (Commercial Transactions)
Sr.
Description of Service / Activity Time taken for providing service*
no.
1 Pay-out of redemption proceeds 3 working days- for all the schemes
other than below
5 working days- for schemes investing
in schemes investing at least 80% of
total assets in permissible overseas
investments
2 Pay-out of IDCW from the record date 7 working days
Pay-out of proceeds on maturity of a close-
3 3 working days
ended scheme
Issue of statement of accounts specifying the 5 working days from the date of closure
number of units allotted or issue units in the of the initial subscription list or from the
4
dematerialized form date of receipt of the application
Refund of subscription Money in case of 5 working days from the date of
New Fund Offer closure of the initial
5
subscription list
6 Active Cancellation of SIP 2 working days
Complaints/Requests
Sr.
Description of Service / Activity Time taken for providing service*
no.
Submission of ATR to SEBI in respect of
1 complaint received from investor through 21 calendar days
SCORES
Disclosure / Reports

=== S13-005 | page 5 | ALL ===
Sr.
Description of Service / Activity Time taken for providing service
no.
Intimation regarding change in TER of schemes
1 3 working days in advance of TER
effective date
Intimation regarding change in Fundamental
30 calendar days prior to the effective
2 Attributes of schemes (Exit Window)
date of Fundamental Attribute change
30 calendar days prior to the effective
3 Intimation regarding Merger of schemes
date of Merger
Intimation regarding Conversion of Close 30 calendar days prior to the effective
4
Ended Scheme to Open Ended Scheme date of conversion
Disclosure of Daily NAV other than FOF Daily by 11 pm
5
Schemes
Disclosure of Daily NAV of FOF Schemes T+1 by 10 am
6
Disclosure of Fortnightly Portfolio of Schemes within 5 calendar days.
7
(Debt Schemes)
Disclosure of Monthly Portfolio of Schemes within 10 calendar days
8
Disclosure of Risk-o-meter by 10th of calendar day of every month
9
Disclosure of TER of scheme Every day
10
Disclosure of Annual report of Schemes / Every year before July 31
11
abridged scheme wise Annual Report
Disclosure of Annual report of AMC Within 4 months from the end of the
12
financial year
Disclosure of half Yearly Unaudited Financials within 1 month from end of Half Year
13
Disclosure of notice in respect of IDCW Within one calendar day of the decision
14
declaration by the trustees
Disclosure of Complaints redressal report within 7th calendar day of succeeding
16
month
Disclosure of Asset Under Management 7 days from the end of the month
17
Disclosure of transactions in debt and money 15 days from each transaction day
18
market securities
Disclosure of half yearly updated scheme 2 months from the end of the half-year
19
information document
Disclosure of half yearly updated Key 2 months from the end of the half-year
20
Information Memorandum
Disclosure of statement of additional information 3 months from end of financial year
21
Disclosure of Executive Remuneration 1 month from the end of financial year.
22

=== S13-006 | page 6 | ALL ===
Notes:
1. * All the above mentioned time taken for providing service (Financial & Non-Financial) will
be subject to receipt of complete documentation/information from the investor.
2. Day refers to working day unless otherwise specified.
3. The Asset Management Companies which fail to meet the stipulated timelines maybe
liable for suitable action as deemed fit in terms of SEBI Act, 1992 or regulations framed
thereunder.

=== S13-007 | page 7 | ALL ===
GRIEVANCE REDRESSAL MECHANISM FOR INVESTORS
1. In case of any grievance / complaint, an investor should approach the concerned
Mutual Fund / Investor Service Centre of the Mutual Fund. If the complaint
remains unresolved, the investor may write to the designated Investor Relations
Officer of the mutual fund. The name of the Investor Relations Officer / contact
person is generally mentioned in the Scheme Information Document (SID) of the
mutual fund scheme, and also on the website of the concerned mutual fund,
whom one may approach / write to in case of any query, complaints or
grievance.
2. If the investor’s complaint is not redressed satisfactorily, one may lodge a
complaint with SEBI on SEBI’s portal, named , 'SCORES', which is a centralized
web based complaints redress system. SEBI takes up the complaints registered
via SCORES (https://scores.sebi.gov.in/) with the concerned mutual fund
/intermediary for timely redressal. SCORES facilitates tracking the status
of the complaint.
3. Investors may send their physical complaints to: Office of Investor Assistance
and Education, Securities and Exchange Board of India, SEBI Bhavan. Plot No.
C4-A, ‘G’ Block, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (E), Mumbai - 400 051
4. If the complaint remains unresolved on SCORES or the investor is dissatisfied
with the resolution provided, the investor may opt for the Online Dispute
Resolution (ODR) mechanism as prescribed by SEBI. The ODR mechanism
provides resolution of disputes through online conciliation and/or arbitration in a
time-bound and cost-effective manner and can be accessed at
https://smartodr.sebi.gov.in
DO’s and DON’Ts FOR INVESTORS
Do’s
1. Check registration status of the Mutual Fund on SEBI website before
transacting with them.
2. Read all Scheme related documents and understand the scheme features and
the risks involved and suitability of the scheme to the investor’s risk profile.
3. Provide and keep updated KYC details including address, tax status, residency,
and other key information such as PAN & bank account details.
4. Provide own email address and mobile number and to promptly notify changes
to this information, if any.
5. Check Account Statement & Common Account Statements for discrepancy, if
any and promptly bring any such discrepancies to the notice of the Asset
Management Company
Page 7 of 10

=== S13-008 | page 8 | ALL ===
6. Read communications / notices / addendums / press releases, etc. sent / or
published by the mutual fund via newspapers, email, etc.
7. Consider availing nomination facility in respect of investments made in Mutual Funds.
8. Choose the plan for investments i.e. Direct Plan or Regular Plan.
9. Invest through registered and regulated entities
10. Keep confidential critical information such as user ID, password, etc.
11. Invest by issuing payments in the name of the Mutual fund / scheme only and not
in the name of any other entity.
Don’ts
1. Do not invest based on speculation, rumor or informal advice.
2. Do not fall for the promise of indicative or exorbitant or assured returns.
3. Do not issue blank cheques or blank signed transaction instructions.
4. Do not use third-party bank accounts for fund flows for subscription or redemption
of units.
RIGHTS OF INVESTORS
1. Right to receive information and details about the scheme including about its
investment philosophy, risk profile, portfolio holdings, fees, charges and expenses
and such other information as may be required under SEBI regulations to enable
investors to make an informed decision about investing in a scheme, prior to
making any such investment.
2. Right to timely receipt of account statement evidencing a transaction as specified
in the SEBI Mutual Funds Regulations, or to receive such statements on request.
3. Right to receive Consolidated Account Statement (CAS) at a periodic frequency as
specified by SEBI.
4. Right to timely disclosure of daily Net Asset Values (NAV), Portfolio and
Performance of each scheme including scheme’s AUM, investment objective,
expense ratios on mutual fund website.
5. Right to receive Annual report / abridged annual report of the scheme(s) invested in,
Page 8 of 10

=== S13-009 | page 9 | ALL ===
6. Right to timely receipt of redemption proceeds / dividend payments / refunds, as
applicable.
7. Right to be notified about any change in the fundamental attributes (features) of a
mutual fund scheme in which the investor has investments and to be provided a
right to exit the scheme without cost, if so desired, as a result of the fundamental
attribute change.
8. Right to be informed about such disclosures which may have a material bearing
on their investments in mutual fund schemes.
9. Right to privacy of information in accordance with the applicable laws of the land.
10. Right to security of, and access to, information provided to Asset Management
Companies and their service providers in relation to investments in mutual funds.
Right to have such information corrected and receive confirmation of such
correction.
11. Right to information about how complaints are handled and can be escalated in
the event investors are not satisfied with the resolution provided.
12. Right to timely redressal of grievances and complaints within the timelines
specified by regulations and the right to escalate complaint not resolved
satisfactorily to the Investor Grievance Officer of the respective Asset Management
Company.
13. Right to escalate unresolved complaints to SEBI via the SCORES portal.In addition
to SCORES, investors can also opt for online dispute resolution (ODR) mechanism,
which includes mediation and/or conciliation and/or arbitration, in accordance with the
procedure specified by the SEBI
RESPONSIBILITIES OF INVESTORS
1. To check registration status of the Mutual Fund on SEBI website before transacting
with them.
2. To read all Scheme related documents and understand the scheme features and
the risks involved and suitability of the scheme to the investor’s risk profile.
3. To provide and keep updated KYC details including address, tax status, residency,
and other key information such as PAN & bank account details.
4. To provide own email address and mobile number and to promptly notify changes
to this information, if any.
5. To check Account Statement & Consolidated Account Statements for discrepancy,
if any and promptly bring any such discrepancies to the notice of the Asset
Management Company.
Page 9 of 10

=== S13-010 | page 10 | ALL ===
6. To read communications / notices / addendums / press releases, etc. sent / or
published by the mutual fund via newspapers, email, etc.
7. To consider availing facility to nominate in respect of investments made in Mutual
Funds.
8. To choose the plan for investments i.e. Direct Plan or Regular Plan.
9. To invest through registered and regulated entities and not to invest based on
speculation, rumor or informal advice.
10. To keep confidential critical information such as user ID, password, etc.
11. To invest by issuing payments in the name of the Mutual fund / scheme only and
not in the name of any other entity.
12. To protect oneself by not falling for the promise of indicative or exorbitant or
assured returns.
13. To protect oneself by not issuing blank cheques or blank signed transaction
instructions.
14. To avoid using third-party bank accounts for fund flows for subscription or
redemption of units.
*******
Page 10 of 10

